HistoryExtra | BBC History Magazine's Official Website | HistoryExtra Subscribe Newsletter sign up Download app Join our Academy The official website for BBC History Magazine Period Back to Main menu Ancient Egypt Roman Viking Anglo-Saxon Medieval Tudor Elizabethan Georgian Victorian Second World War Back to Period Browse all periods People Back to Main menu Tutankhamun Richard III Henry VIII Elizabeth I Queen Victoria Winston Churchill Cleopatra Napoleon Bonaparte Back to People Browse all people Topics Back to Main menu Kings and queens Weird and wonderful Sex and love Social history Religious history Women's history Historical Q&As Heritage visits History hero Historical recipes Turning points in British History Back to Topics Browse all topics Video Podcast Back to Main menu Podcast series Quizzes Membership Back to Main menu Membership area Back to Membership Member discounts Join HistoryExtra BBC History Mag Academy Back to Membership Royal residences: secrets and scandals Nazi Germany Victorian Life with Ruth Goodman Late-medieval England course Roman Britain course D-Day course Witchcraft course Elizabethans course Vikings course Regency course Subscribe Newsletter sign up Download app Join our Academy Search Edwardian Which treasures were lost when Titanic sank, and what did some survivors smuggle onto lifeboats? Membership Deadly skies: the WW2 mission to fly over the Himalayas. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. 20th Century My history heroDanny Robins chooses Harry Price Premium Membership WATCHWhy did Georgian dresses cost as much as a townhouse?!. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. General History Is the Fountain of Youth real? Cold War From Operation Snuffles to Killer Kleenex: the forgotten history of the secret Cold War experiments in Antarctica has just been uncovered Premium Membership D-Day: the spearhead of the invasion. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Most searched for Georgian The real reason Jane Austen never married 100 women 100 women who changed the world Premium Membershipaudio The unification of Italy: everything you wanted to know. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Medieval Stretched, crushed and impaled10 shocking torture methods from medieval history On this day in history What happened on this day in the past? We round up the landmark events, births, deaths and more... On This Day 31 May On This Day 30 May On This Day 29 May On This Day 28 May More On This Day From the podcast Incredible historical stories from the recent episodes of the HistoryExtra podcast Roman “She returned smelling of smoke and sex:” why powerful Roman women were branded nymphomaniacs Roman Meet the people the ancient Romans and Greeks desperately tried to hide Iron Age The Romans were blamed for massacring these Iron Age warriors. But did they actually murder themselves? Medieval Priceless medieval artefact auctioned for just $27 is centuries-old original, experts reveal 20th Century Was JFK about to be re-elected? An expert weighs in on the president's lost second term Medieval Why it was more dangerous to steal a loaf of bread than commit murder in medieval England HistoryExtra Podcast The latest episodes from the History Extra podcast Premium Membershipaudio Calamity Jane: life of the week. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Membership Spiritual showmen: the 1920s occult. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Membership Cheese history: everything you wanted to know. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipaudio Taking sides: how the Civil War turned friends into enemies. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipaudio Were Roman women done dirty by modern translations?. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipaudio Otto von Bismarck: life of the week. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipaudio The Einstein murders. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. View all podcasts More of our latest articles Second World War Was the atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki by the US in WW2 justified? Premium Membership "If you represent Pinochet in this case, I will divorce you”: the sensational trial of the Chilean dictator. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipquote Don’t fear the fairies – but do allow a little enchantment into your life. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. Premium Membershipquote Kavita Puri's hidden histories: "Social taboos are violated: a parent must decide which child to feed". This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. More of our latest articles Ad History Quizzes How much do you know about history? Test out your knowledge with our quizzes... Viking QuizHow much do you know about the Vikings? Medieval QuizHow much do you know about medieval history? General History Quiz of the weekWho died on 26 May 1703? Premium Membership History quiz: how much do you know about the Black Death?. This is a premium piece of content available to subscribed users. View more quizzes Popular historic periods Tudor Medieval Victorian 20th Century Explore more historic periods Popular people from history Henry VIII Queen Victoria Winston Churchill Tutankhamun Explore more people from history Popular historic topics Social history Women's history Sex and love Military history Explore more historic topics Sign up for the weekly HistoryExtra newsletter Sign up to receive our newsletter! Email address Sign Up By entering your details, you are agreeing to site title terms and conditions and privacy policy. You can unsubscribe at any time. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Visit us on Facebook Visit us on Twitter Visit us on Instagram Visit us on Youtube Visit us on Rss About Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct History Magazine Subscriptions FAQ Contact Us Vacancies Licensing Find Us Manage Privacy Settings History Extra is owned and published by Immediate Media Company Limited. BBC History Magazine is published by Immediate Media Company Limited under licence from BBC Studios Distribution© Immediate 2025