Politics - CSMonitor.com Skip to main content Skip to main menu Skip to search Skip to footer Why is Christian Science in our name? Why is Christian Science in our name? Our name is about honesty. The Monitor is owned by The Christian Science Church, and we’ve always been transparent about that. The Church publishes the Monitor because it sees good journalism as vital to progress in the world. Since 1908, we’ve aimed “to injure no man, but to bless all mankind,” as our founder, Mary Baker Eddy, put it. Here, you’ll find award-winning journalism not driven by commercial influences – a news organization that takes seriously its mission to uplift the world by seeking solutions and finding reasons for credible hope. Explore values journalismAbout us Log in Log out Shared content is always free to recipients. Copy link Copied! Share this story Copy Link Link copied Values Topics Regions About us Log in Account Subscribe Give a gift Shared content is always free to recipients. Copy link Copied! Share this story Copy Link Link copied Search Subscribe: $11/Month Log in About us Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily Give a gift Log out Manage your account Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition Values Behind the News A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you. Explore News & Values About us Free newsletters Follow us: Explore Values Journalism Behind the news are values that drive people and nations. Explore them here. Compassion Cooperation Equality Hope Resilience Respect Responsibility Safety Transformation Trust More News & Values Recent Stories First LookIt’s huge, stinky, and brown. Record amounts of seaweed are baffling scientists. Ukraine drone strike exposed Russian vulnerability, and sent a signal to Trump Laid off by DOGE, federal workers are finding roles in state and local government See all News & Values stories Monitor Daily June 4, 2025 Protecting innocence amid evolving warfare In the years following World War II and the mass extermination of Jews by Nazi Germany, humanity codified new rules of warfare that set the protection of innocent civilians as the cornerstone of international law. Today’s conflicts, however, raise challenges that the drafters of the Geneva Conventions could not have foreseen. These include militants deliberately embedded in hospitals, schools, and apartment buildings, and drones piloted into residential areas with stealth and precision. Dominique Soguel’s report from Ukraine today underscores an urgent need to reexamine how humanity upholds its commitment to the dignity and value of every human being amid war. Listen to or read today's issue News Economy Education Environment Foreign Policy Law & Courts Politics Science Security Society Culture Arts Faith & Religion Food In a Word Movies Monitor Movie Guide Music Television The Home Forum All Culture Books Author Q&As Book Reviews Reader Recommendations All Books Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond A Christian Science Perspective From the Editors All Commentary More News Briefs Points of Progress People Making a Difference Our Best Photos The World in Pictures Podcasts Monitor Breakfast Featured podcast Discover the values that drive the story. Why We Wrote This Regions Africa Americas Asia Pacific Europe Middle East South & Central Asia USA All World Recent stories Ukraine drone strike exposed Russian vulnerability, and sent a signal to Trump Laid off by DOGE, federal workers are finding roles in state and local government With new president, Poland’s direction – and its place in Europe – is in question Featured Coverage The Christian Science Monitor's coverage of the war between Hamas and Israel, and related articles. Connect with the stories War in the Middle East Values Behind the News A deeper view that unites instead of divides, connecting why the story matters to you. Explore News & Values Free newsletters One month free trial to the Monitor Daily The Christian Science Monitor The Christian Science Monitor is an international news organization offering calm, thoughtful, award-winning coverage for independent thinkers. We tackle difficult conversations and divisive issues–we don’t shy away from hard problems. But you’ll find in each Monitor news story qualities that can lead to solutions and unite us–qualities such as respect, resilience, hope, and fairness. About us Search Log out Manage your account Subscription FAQs Contact Customer Service Current Issues Monitor Daily Monitor Weekly digital edition USA | Politics Ukraine drone strike exposed Russian vulnerability, and sent a signal to Trump Ukraine’s asymmetric drone attack caught the world’s attention and dealt a significant blow to Russia’s defense. Peace prospects may hinge on how Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump respond. Laid off by DOGE, federal workers are finding roles in state and local government Groups like the newly formed Civic Match are pairing laid-off federal workers with local government roles, although demand may outpace the number of jobs available. Eagle Pass, Texas, once boiled with border crossings. Now it’s quiet. During the 2024 presidential campaign, Eagle Pass, Texas, became an epicenter in the immigration debate. Now, the Trump administration’s crackdown on border crossings has brought a new reality to the area. Elon Musk leaves the Trump administration. He vows to spend less money on politics. Elon Musk exits the White House, leaving investors hopeful that he will renew focus on his companies, Tesla and SpaceX. Mr. Musk gave nearly $300 million in contributions to the U.S. presidential election campaign. Dancers showcase their grace at the largest student ballet scholarship competition Youth America Grand Prix dancers project a maturity beyond their years as they twirl, leap, and extend their legs beyond what seems humanly possible. More Politics VIEW ALL Trump claims NPR is too liberal. NPR fights federal cuts with a lawsuit. National Public Radio and three of its local stations are suing President Donald Trump. The 246-station network, which provides the backbone for emergency alert systems across the country, says the funding cuts are unconstitutional. New phase of Trump deportation push: ICE arrests at immigration court President Donald Trump pledged to deport millions of unauthorized immigrants. A new arrest tactic to advance that goal is ringing due process alarms. As FAA faces strains, are control towers ready for summer travel season? From lean staffs to aging technology, U.S. air traffic control systems are under stress. Here’s what to know about planned fixes from the Trump administration as summer travel season dawns. Trump officials say the president might suspend habeas corpus. Can he do that? The U.S. Constitution allows habeas corpus to be suspended in situations such as an invasion. The administration says illegal immigration meets that description. House Republicans pass Trump’s big bill of tax breaks and program cuts Republicans say the 1,000-page-plus bill is what voters sent them to accomplish. Critics say it adds to deficits while harming poor Americans. Team of economic rivals? The eclectic adviser mix steering Trump’s trade policy. Trump economic advisers range from mainstream allies to fiercely devoted friends to MAGA stalwarts. All share a strong loyalty to the president – even when it means defending controversial policies. Trump strong-arms House Republicans. They’re not ready to cave (yet). President Trump’s second-term legacy rests on whether he can persuade enough Republican lawmakers to support his priorities. He has more to do to close the deal. Trump suddenly needs Congress – and his ‘big, beautiful bill’ is on the rocks Republicans in Congress have an incredibly slim majority to pass a funding bill for a Trump-led agenda that includes cutting taxes, boosting immigration enforcement, and shrinking other programs. Trump’s Qatari plane controversy puts a spotlight on Boeing Boeing just won a huge contract from Qatar. But the company is troubled on several fronts – the latest being delays on new Air Force One jets for the U.S. president. With their staffs cut to as low as 1 person, agencies push back on DOGE After a frenzied start, cost-cutting and efficiency efforts by the Department of Government Efficiency have run up against public opinion and the courts. Monitor's Best: Top 5 A hidden provision in Trump’s ‘big bill’ could weaken the judicial branch 25 years after infamous land grabs, Zimbabwe turns a page Trade disputes threaten US-EU relations, even as courts weigh Trump tariffs Eagle Pass, Texas, once boiled with border crossings. Now it’s quiet. As China’s influence grows in the Americas, Trump hints at a Monroe Doctrine 2.0 Deepen your worldview with Monitor Highlights. Your email address By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy. Already a subscriber?Log in to hide ads. ISSN 2573-3850 (online) Follow us: About Contact Us Subscribe Give a Gift Subscription Support Monitor Journalism Free Newsletters Careers Social Media Content Map Text Edition RSS Reprints & Permissions A Christian Science Perspective © 1980–2025 The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms. Privacy Policy.