Vox Skip to main content The homepage VoxVox logo Explainers Politics Culture Advice Listen Podcast Watch Video Menu The homepage VoxVox logo Navigation Drawer Login / Sign Up close Close Search Video Watch Podcast Listen Crossword Play Explainers Politics Culture Advice Science Technology Climate Health Money Life Future Perfect Newsletters Join Vox for 30% off Facebook Instagram Youtube RSS TikTok Making sense of it all: The Trump administration Climate Animal Welfare Health On the Right The fascinating backstory behind a bizarre State Department Substack post How a Catholic theocrat started speaking for Trump’s State Department. By Zack Beauchamp On the Right The fascinating backstory behind a bizarre State Department Substack post How a Catholic theocrat started speaking for Trump’s State Department. By Zack Beauchamp Even Better What do you actually owe your in-laws? Culture The midlife crisis is coming for millennials lol Future Perfect What slaughtering animals all day does to your mind Policy How Oklahoma made universal pre-K work﻿ Video The Logoff The Trump-Musk breakup, briefly explained Top links Crossword Solve the crossword Play Vox’s daily puzzle!Play Newsletters Explainers in your inboxSign up Vox Our Mission Help you understand what really mattersAbout Vox Even Better More The Highlight I spent 6 months obsessively tracking my health. Did it make me feel better? By Adam Clark Estes What do you actually owe your in-laws? By Allie Volpe Relationships are hard work. Right? By Allie Volpe Losing my hair sucked. Trying to regrow it has been even worse. By Maria Yagoda Google as you know it is slowly dying By Adam Clark Estes The Highlight I spent 6 months obsessively tracking my health. Did it make me feel better? By Adam Clark Estes What do you actually owe your in-laws? By Allie Volpe Relationships are hard work. Right? By Allie Volpe Losing my hair sucked. Trying to regrow it has been even worse. By Maria Yagoda Google as you know it is slowly dying By Adam Clark Estes Future Perfect More What slaughtering animals all day does to your mind By Kenny Torrella The Highlight My students think it’s fine to cheat with AI. Maybe they’re onto something. By Sigal Samuel These stories could change how you feel about AI By Bryan Walsh Harvard just fired a tenured professor for the first time in 80 years. Good. By Kelsey Piper Why the right wants to ban this innovation before you get to try it By Eric Levitz What slaughtering animals all day does to your mind By Kenny Torrella The Highlight My students think it’s fine to cheat with AI. Maybe they’re onto something. By Sigal Samuel These stories could change how you feel about AI By Bryan Walsh Harvard just fired a tenured professor for the first time in 80 years. Good. By Kelsey Piper Why the right wants to ban this innovation before you get to try it By Eric Levitz Most Popular The midlife crisis is coming for millennials lol The Air Quality Index and how to use it, explained The Trump-Musk breakup, briefly explained You’re being lied to about protein Take a mental break with the newest Vox crossword Relationships are hard work. Right? Hurricane season is here. NOAA is in shambles. What could go wrong? Listen All Podcasts Today, Explained Today, Explained is Vox's daily news explainer podcast hosted by Sean Rameswaram and Noel King. Unexplainable Worlds we don't know, mysteries we haven't solved, questions we can't answer, and the scientists trying to figure it all out. The Gray Area The Gray Area is a philosophical take on culture, politics, and everything in between with host Sean Illing. Explain It to Me Explain It to Me is the hotline for all your unanswered questions. Host Jonquilyn Hill is your friendly guide to the answers you're looking for — and maybe even the ones you don’t expect. Today, Explained Today, Explained is Vox's daily news explainer podcast hosted by Sean Rameswaram and Noel King. Unexplainable Worlds we don't know, mysteries we haven't solved, questions we can't answer, and the scientists trying to figure it all out. The Gray Area The Gray Area is a philosophical take on culture, politics, and everything in between with host Sean Illing. Explain It to Me Explain It to Me is the hotline for all your unanswered questions. Host Jonquilyn Hill is your friendly guide to the answers you're looking for — and maybe even the ones you don’t expect. Today, Explained Understand the world with a daily explainer plus the most compelling stories of the day, compiled by news editor Sean Collins. Email (required) Sign Up By submitting your email, you agree to our Terms and Privacy Notice. This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Watch All Videos Policy How Oklahoma made universal pre-K work Inside a red state where universal pre-K is incredibly popular. By Sean Collins and Coleman Lowndes Play Video How the US created an ambulance crisis Play Video Why this red state made preschool free Play Video No, honey can’t cure your allergies Play Video The weather loophole keeping this city sunny Explainers More Culture J.K. Rowling’s transphobia: A history An exhausting — if not exhaustive — timeline of J.K. Rowling’s transphobia. By Aja Romano Donald Trump The sweeping federal court order blocking Trump’s tariffs, explained Education Trump figured out how to hit Harvard where it really hurts Future Perfect Why Pope Leo has so much to say about AI, briefly explained Politics Why are men so much more right-wing than women now? Future Perfect 4,000 chicks died in the mail. They expose a darker truth about the meat industry. Politics More On the Right The fascinating backstory behind a bizarre State Department Substack post How a Catholic theocrat started speaking for Trump’s State Department. By Zack Beauchamp Play Policy How Oklahoma made universal pre-K work Inside a red state where universal pre-K is incredibly popular. By Sean Collins and Coleman Lowndes The Logoff The Trump-Musk breakup, briefly explained ﻿Does Elon Musk’s opinion still matter? By Cameron Peters On the Right The fascinating backstory behind a bizarre State Department Substack post How a Catholic theocrat started speaking for Trump’s State Department. By Zack Beauchamp Policy Play Policy How Oklahoma made universal pre-K work Inside a red state where universal pre-K is incredibly popular. By Sean Collins and Coleman Lowndes The Logoff The Logoff The Trump-Musk breakup, briefly explained ﻿Does Elon Musk’s opinion still matter? By Cameron Peters Politics Should Democrats fight corporations or red tape? Bad question. Politics The Highlight Is the decline of reading poisoning our politics? Policy The big, bad bond market could derail Trump’s big, beautiful bill Politics Should Democrats fight corporations or red tape? Bad question. Politics The Highlight Is the decline of reading poisoning our politics? Policy The big, bad bond market could derail Trump’s big, beautiful bill Culture More Culture The midlife crisis is coming for millennials lol How millennials are freaking out about being halfway to death, when everyone’s broke and already in therapy. By Alex Abad-Santos Culture Why are men shaving off their eyelashes? Politics The Highlight Is the decline of reading poisoning our politics? Culture J.K. Rowling’s transphobia: A history Technology Google as you know it is slowly dying Politics There are two Gen Zs Advice More Even Better What do you actually owe your in-laws? ﻿Your partner’s parents are not your family. But you should still be nice to them. By Allie Volpe Even Better Relationships are hard work. Right? How much effort is too much to keep your romance afloat? By Allie Volpe Advice The Highlight My students think it’s fine to cheat with AI. Maybe they’re onto something. ﻿To save the humanities, we need to rethink our assumptions about AI — and education. By Sigal Samuel Even Better What do you actually owe your in-laws? ﻿Your partner’s parents are not your family. But you should still be nice to them. By Allie Volpe Even Better Even Better Relationships are hard work. Right? How much effort is too much to keep your romance afloat? By Allie Volpe Advice The Highlight Advice The Highlight My students think it’s fine to cheat with AI. Maybe they’re onto something. ﻿To save the humanities, we need to rethink our assumptions about AI — and education. By Sigal Samuel Even Better Losing my hair sucked. Trying to regrow it has been even worse. Even Better The secret to actually trusting each other Future Perfect My family has money but doesn’t give to charity. How do I challenge them without being weird? Even Better Losing my hair sucked. Trying to regrow it has been even worse. Even Better The secret to actually trusting each other Future Perfect My family has money but doesn’t give to charity. How do I challenge them without being weird? More News Technology6 minutes ago The Highlight I spent 6 months obsessively tracking my health. Did it make me feel better? Inside the new, sometimes dystopian future of health tracking. By Adam Clark Estes VideoJun 3 Play VideoJun 3 How the US created an ambulance crisis ﻿And what can be done about it. By Edward Vega PoliticsJun 3 PoliticsJun 3 Should Democrats fight corporations or red tape? Bad question. Democrats should debate messaging less (and policy more). By Eric Levitz Advertiser Content From This is the title for the native ad CultureJun 3 CultureJun 3 Why are men shaving off their eyelashes? Men’s beauty standards are getting increasingly bizarre. By Constance Grady ClimateJun 3 ClimateJun 3 Hurricane season is here. NOAA is in shambles. What could go wrong? Trump could make this year’s hurricane season deadlier. By Benji Jones PoliticsJun 3 The Highlight Is the decline of reading poisoning our politics? Your brain isn’t what it used to be. By Eric Levitz Today, Explained podcastJun 2 Podcast Today, Explained podcastJun 2 Should women be in combat? One of the first women to graduate from the Army Ranger School says yes. By Victoria Chamberlin and Noel King Down to EarthJun 2 Down to EarthJun 2 Trump officials plan to destroy a critical government program they probably know nothing about You may not know about it either, but the program helps keep people — and animals — in good health. By Benji Jones ClimateJun 2 The wild hunt for clean energy minerals ﻿Can we invent our way out of a critical mineral shortage? By Umair Irfan Today, Explained podcastJun 2 Podcast Today, Explained podcastJun 2 The crisis in American air travel, explained by Newark airport ﻿Is flying into Newark safe? By Devan Schwartz and Sean Rameswaram PolicyJun 2 PolicyJun 2 The big barrier to having children we’re not talking about Our economy isn’t built for the biological clock. But it can be. By Rachel Cohen Even BetterJun 2 Even BetterJun 2 Relationships are hard work. Right? How much effort is too much to keep your romance afloat? By Allie Volpe PolicyJun 2 PolicyJun 2 The big, bad bond market could derail Trump’s big, beautiful bill Trump wants to blow a $3 trillion hole in the budget. The bond market is saying “no way.” By Dylan Matthews The HighlightJun 2 Welcome to the June issue of The Highlight By Vox Staff AdviceJun 2 The Highlight My students think it’s fine to cheat with AI. Maybe they’re onto something. ﻿To save the humanities, we need to rethink our assumptions about AI — and education. By Sigal Samuel Pagination Page 1 of 15Next VoxVox logo Facebook Instagram Youtube RSS TikTok About us Our staff Ethics & Guidelines How we make money Contact us How to pitch Vox Newsletters Privacy Notice Terms of Use Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Licensing Accessibility Platform Status Careers © 2025 Vox Media, LLC. All Rights Reserved