bellingcat - the home of online investigations bellingcat - the home of online investigations Investigations Guides Ukraine Justice & Accountability Workshops EN Русский Français Español Deutsch Українська Donate Search for: Investigations Guides Ukraine Justice & Accountability Workshops Donate Crime History Pigeon Shoots and Hitmen: New Leads in a Texas Oilman’s Cold Case Conflict Geolocation Open Sources Show Myanmar Junta Airstrike Damages Despite Post-Earthquake Ceasefire Deepfakes Mrdeepfakes Unmasking MrDeepFakes: Canadian Pharmacist Linked to World’s Most Notorious Deepfake Porn Site India Open Source in Short India-Pakistan Conflict: How a Deepfake Video Made it Mainstream Latest Investigations Audio Analysis, Gaza What Audio Analysis Reveals About Aid Workers Killed in Gaza Migration, USA US Border Patrol Called Raid 300 Miles From Border ‘Targeted’. Open Source Evidence Suggests Otherwise 3D Model, Gaza Shot From Above: The Dangerous Work of Drone Journalists in Gaza Crime, Drug Cartels Nowhere to Run: The Online Footprint of an Alleged Kinahan Cartel Associate Far-Right, Russia Unmasking Maskov: How Bellingcat Found a Man Outfitting Russian Neo-Nazis Climate hazards, Environment The Story of a Storm – Part 1: Visualising Climate Data with NASA’s Giovanni Tool See all investigations Latest Guides AI, ecommerce Don’t Get Scammed! Tips For Spotting AI-Generated Fake Products Online Climate hazards, Environment The Story of a Storm – Part 1: Visualising Climate Data with NASA’s Giovanni Tool Bellingcat Challenge, Multispectral Imagery The Bellingcat Open Source Challenge is Back See all guides Connect With Our Community on Any Platform X LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Mastodon Bluesky Threads Telegram YouTube Patreon Discord Twitch X LinkedIn Facebook Instagram Mastodon Bluesky Threads Telegram YouTube Patreon Discord Twitch Stay updated with our various social media outputs. Watch See all YouTube Listen See all of our podcast offerings Open Source in Short A series of bite-sized investigations and quick insights into techniques used by Bellingcat's researchers. Israel, Lebanon Satellite Images Show Israeli Military Presence Near UN Base in Lebanon Georgia, Open Source in Short Construction Accelerates at Planned Russian Navy Base in Disputed Abkhazia Angola, Environment Missing Tugboat ‘Solo Creed’ Resurfaces in Angola After $23m Oil Spill in Tobago Far-Right, Geolocation Geolocating a US Far-Right Fight Night See all Open Source in Short Get Exclusive Access on Our Patreon Receive advanced access to the latest Bellingcat training announcements and listen to our Bellingchat Premium podcast, where our researchers discuss their latest investigations. Subscribe Participate in the Bellingcat Community Workshops Online June 17 – 20, 2025 Bellingcat Online Workshop (16-hour) [Europe-friendly time] June 17 - 20, 2025 Bellingcat Online Workshop (16-hour) [Europe-friendly time] June 17, 2025 - June 20, 2025 Online June 25, 2025 Flight Tracking Workshop (4 hour) [Americas / Europe-friendly time] June 25, 2025 Flight Tracking Workshop (4 hour) [Americas / Europe-friendly time] June 25, 2025 In-Person June 30 – July 4, 2025: Five-Day In-Person Workshop in Amsterdam, the Netherlands Five-Day In-Person Workshop in Amsterdam, the Netherlands June 30, 2025 - July 4, 2025 See all workshops Join Our Discord Dive into real-time discussions with analysts, gain exclusive insights, and collaborate on investigative projects. Download Discord and join our server where Bellingcat researchers discuss our latest investigations and collaborate with our community. After downloading Discord on your device, you can join the Bellingcat server in the link below. Get Discord invite Get Discord invite Get the Bellingcat Toolkit Bellingcat has collected useful open source resources in one place to help researchers and journalists with their investigative efforts. Find the Bellingcat toolkit here. Get the toolkit Bellingcat has collected useful open source resources in one place to help researchers and journalists with their investigative efforts. Find the Bellingcat toolkit here. Get the toolkit Volunteer Opportunities Our Global Authentication Project is a vibrant volunteer community that explores, verifies, and sheds light on stories using open source data. At Bellingcat, we seek to democratise investigative work, fostering a collaborative environment for continuous learning and meaningful contributions. Join us in our mission to build a more transparent global community through collective efforts and shared expertise. Learn more about volunteer opportunities Our Global Authentication Project is a vibrant volunteer community that explores, verifies, and sheds light on stories using open source data. At Bellingcat, we seek to democratise investigative work, fostering a collaborative environment for continuous learning and meaningful contributions. Join us in our mission to build a more transparent global community through collective efforts and shared expertise. Learn more about volunteer opportunities The Essential Bellingcat Newsletter Subscribe to our newsletter for first access to our published content and events that our staff and contributors are involved with, including interviews and training workshops. How Our Work Matters Our Impact in the Courts There has been an unprecedented rise in the use of smartphones and other tech to capture evidence of war crimes and courts are unused to dealing with digital evidence whose origins are unknown. Bellingcat and the Global Legal Action Network (GLAN) have been pioneering the use of open source evidence for use in atrocity crimes investigations and have been providing training in open source techniques to legal professionals. Find out about our methodology here Learn more about Justice and Accountability Learn more about Justice and Accountability Recent Highlights & Achievements March 19, 2025 Bellingcat has been nominated for best written investigation at the 2025 Amnesty Media Awards for its work investigating an Israeli amry unit responsible for demolishing homes and structures across Gaza. You can read the article here. Winners will be announced in June 2025. February 28, 2025 Just under 300,000 people visited the Visual Investigations exhibition at the Architecturemuseum der TUM in Munich that featured a display detailing Bellingcat’s investigation into the killing of Colombian journalist Abelardo Liz. The exhibition ran from October 2024 to February 2025. Support Our Work Donate Directly: Your donation is a direct contribution to our research. With your support, we will continue to publish groundbreaking investigations and uncover wrongdoing around the world. Donate Become a Partner: As a partner, there are many ways to support our work as an organisation, foundation or company: With funds, in-kind donations, advice or your network. All of these are a direct contribution to the continuous growth and wide-spread impact of Bellingcat and our community. Learn more about ways to contribute Twitter Linkedin Facebook Instagram Mastodon Bluesky Threads Telegram YouTube Patreon Discord Twitch Donate Your donations directly contribute to our ability to publish groundbreaking investigations and uncover wrongdoing around the world. Donate Who We Are General Information Our Team Awards Newsletter Funding & Supporters Standards & Practices Principles for Data Collection Data Privacy Careers Contact Us