Electronic Frontier Foundation | Defending your rights in the digital world Skip to main content About Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Street Level Surveillance apkeep Donate Donate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Sponsorships Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search Email updates on news, actions, and events in your area. Join EFF Lists Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks Electronic Frontier Foundation Donate Podcast Episode - Love the Internet Before You Hate On It Electronic Frontier Foundation About Contact Press People Opportunities Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity and Innovation Transparency International Security Our Work Deeplinks Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers Podcast Annual Reports Take Action Action Center Electronic Frontier Alliance Volunteer Tools Privacy Badger Surveillance Self-Defense Certbot Atlas of Surveillance Cover Your Tracks Street Level Surveillance apkeep Donate Donate to EFF Giving Societies Shop Sponsorships Other Ways to Give Membership FAQ Donate Donate to EFF Shop Other Ways to Give Search form Search The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. Donate The leading nonprofit defending digital privacy, free speech, and innovation. FEATURED UPDATE She Got an Abortion. So A Texas Cop Used 83,000 Cameras to Track Her Down. We’ve said it before, and we’ll say it again: Lawmakers who support reproductive rights must recognize that abortion access and mass surveillance are incompatible. The systems built to track stolen cars and issue parking tickets have become tools to enforce the most personal and politically charged laws in the country. FEATURED UPDATE California’s Cities and Counties Must Step Up Their Privacy Game. A.B. 1337 Can Do That. California is a national leader on consumer privacy protections, having passed a landmark comprehensive privacy law and established the nation’s first state privacy agency. Now, its local governments must catch up. FEATURED UPDATE Please Drone Responsibly: C-UAS Legislation Needs Civil Liberties Safeguards Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing titled “ Defending Against Drones: Setting Safeguards for Counter Unmanned Aircraft Systems Authorities. ” While the government has a legitimate interest in monitoring and mitigating drone threats, it is critical that those powers are narrowly tailored. Robust checks and oversight mechanisms must exist to prevent misuse and to allow ordinary, law-abiding individuals to exercise their rights. Unfortunately, as we and many other civil society advocates have highlighted, past proposals have not... Discover more. Join our email list for EFF news, events, campaigns, and ways to support digital freedom. Email Address Postal Code (optional) Anti-spam question: Enter the three-letter abbreviation for Electronic Frontier Foundation: Don't fill out this field (required) Thanks, you're awesome! Please check your email for a confirmation link. Oops something is broken right now, please try again later. Banner Graphic: Resource Surveillance Self-Defense Description: Surveillance Self-Defense is EFF's online guide to defending yourself and your friends from surveillance by using secure technology and developing careful practices. Issues Reproductive Justice ترتبط العدالة الإنتاجية والوصول الآمن للإجهاض، كالعديد من الجوانب الأخرى لإدارة رعايتنا الصحية، مرتبطة بشكل أساسي بحياتنا الرقمية. مع قرار دوبز ڤي جاكسون بإلغاء الحماية التي وفرها روي ڤي وايد للأشخاص الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية المتعلقة بالإجهاض، والتي كانت من المعلومات الحميدة قبلا، أصبحت اليوم دليلًا جنائيًا محتملًا. هذا التهديد الموسع للحقوق الرقمية خطير بشكل خاص على الأشخاص السود، السكان الأصليون/ات وذوي البشرة الملونة، وذوي الدخل المنخفض، والمهاجرين/ات، وأفراد مجتمع الميم – عين وغيرهم من المجتمعات المهمشة تقليديًا، ومقدمي الرعاية الصحية الذين يخدمون هذه المجتمعات.في هذه الصفحة، قمنا بتجميع أدلة خصوصية البيانات لأي شخص من المحتمل أن يتأثر: أولئك الذين يسعون للحصول على الرعاية الصحية والعيادات والمهنيين/ات الصحيين/ات المتعلقة بالإجهاض، وكذلك أولئك المشاركين/ات في حركات مناصرة الوصول إلى الإجهاض الآمن. ترتبط هذه الصفحة أيضًا بمساعي وتوصيات منظمة الجبهة الالكترونية إلى الهيئات التشريعية والشركات من أجل حماية أفضل للحقوق الرقمية للأشخاص الذين يحتاجون ويقدمون الرعاية الصحية الإنجابية.شاهد هذا الفيديو القصير حول الأمن الرقمي لحركة الوصول الآمن للإجهاض: Banner Graphic: Resource Digital Rights Bytes Description: Get honest answers to the questions that have been bugging you about technology. The Latest Deeplinks Blog by Hannah Zhao | June 2, 2025 The Defense Attorney’s Arsenal In Challenging Electronic Monitoring In criminal prosecutions, electronic monitoring (EM) is pitched as a “humane alternative" to incarceration – but it is not. The latest generation of “e-carceration” tools are burdensome, harsh, and often just as punitive as imprisonment. Fortunately, criminal defense attorneys have options when shielding their clients from this over-used and harmful... Deeplinks Blog by Joe Mullin | June 2, 2025 The EU’s “Encryption Roadmap” Makes Everyone Less Safe EFF has joined more than 80 civil society organizations, companies, and cybersecurity experts in signing a letter urging the European Commission to change course on its recently announced “Technology Roadmap on Encryption.” The roadmap, part of the EU’s ProtectEU strategy, discusses new ways for law enforcement to access encrypted... Deeplinks Blog by Jillian C. York | June 2, 2025 245 Days Without Justice: Laila Soueif’s Hunger Strike and the Fight to Free Alaa Abd el-Fattah Laila Soueif has now been on hunger strike for 245 days. On Thursday night, she was taken to the hospital once again. Soueif’s hunger strike is a powerful act of protest against the failures of two governments. The Egyptian government continues to deny basic justice by keeping her son,... Deeplinks Blog by Christopher Vines | May 30, 2025 CCTV Cambridge: Digital Equity in 2025 EFF has long advocated for affordable, accessible, and future-proof internet access for all. Digital equity, the condition in which everyone has access to technology that allows them to participate in society, is an issue that I’ve been proud to organize around. So, it’s awesome to connect with a... Deeplinks Blog by Rindala Alajaji | May 30, 2025 She Got an Abortion. So A Texas Cop Used 83,000 Cameras to Track Her Down. We’ve said it before, and we’ll say it again: Lawmakers who support reproductive rights must recognize that abortion access and mass surveillance are incompatible. The systems built to track stolen cars and issue parking tickets have become tools to enforce the most personal and politically charged laws in the country. Deeplinks Blog by Hayley Tsukayama | May 29, 2025 California’s Cities and Counties Must Step Up Their Privacy Game. A.B. 1337 Can Do That. California is a national leader on consumer privacy protections, having passed a landmark comprehensive privacy law and established the nation’s first state privacy agency. Now, its local governments must catch up. Deeplinks Blog by Christian Romero | May 28, 2025 The Insidious Effort to Privatize Public Airwaves | EFFector 37.5 School is almost out for summer! You know what that means? Plenty of time to catch up on the latest digital rights news! Don't worry, though—EFF has you covered with our EFFector newsletter.This edition of EFFector explains why efforts to privatize public airwaves would harm American TV viewers; goes... Deeplinks Blog by Josh Richman | May 21, 2025 Podcast Episode: Love the Internet Before You Hate On It There’s a weird belief out there that tech critics hate technology. But do movie critics hate movies? Do food critics hate food? No! The most effective, insightful critics do what they do because they love something so deeply that they want to see it made even better. The most effective... Deeplinks Blog by India McKinney | May 19, 2025 Please Drone Responsibly: C-UAS Legislation Needs Civil Liberties Safeguards Today, the Senate Judiciary Committee is holding a hearing titled “Defending Against Drones: Setting Safeguards for Counter Unmanned Aircraft Systems Authorities.” While the government has a legitimate interest in monitoring and mitigating drone threats, it is critical that those powers are narrowly tailored. Robust checks and oversight mechanisms must... Deeplinks Blog by Alexis Hancock | May 16, 2025 Security Theater REALized and Flying without REAL ID After multiple delays of the REAL ID Act of 2005 and its updated counterpart, the REAL ID Modernization Act, in the United States, the May 7th deadline of REAL ID enforcement has finally arrived. Does this move our security forward in the skies? The last 20 years says we got... More Updates Back to top Follow EFF: mastodon facebook instagram x Blue Sky youtube flicker linkedin tiktok threads Check out our 4-star rating on Charity Navigator. Contact General Legal Security Membership Press About Calendar Volunteer Victories History Internships Jobs Staff Diversity & Inclusion Issues Free Speech Privacy Creativity & Innovation Transparency International Security Updates Blog Press Releases Events Legal Cases Whitepapers EFFector Newsletter Press Press Contact Donate Join or Renew Membership Online One-Time Donation Online Giving Societies Corporate Giving and Sponsorship Shop Other Ways to Give Copyright (CC BY) Trademark Privacy Policy Thanks JavaScript license information