The New York Times - Breaking News, US News, World News and Videos Skip to contentSkip to site index SKIP ADVERTISEMENT U.S. International Canada Español 中文 Today’s Paper U.S. Sections U.S. Politics New York California Education Health Obituaries Science Climate Weather Sports Business Tech The Upshot The Magazine Top Stories Donald Trump Supreme Court Congress Immigration Abortion Newsletters The Morning Make sense of the day’s news and ideas. The Upshot Analysis that explains politics, policy and everyday life. See all newsletters Podcasts The Daily The biggest stories of our time, in 20 minutes a day. See all podcasts World Sections World Africa Americas Asia Australia Canada Europe Middle East Science Climate Weather Health Obituaries Top Stories Middle East Crisis Russia-Ukraine War China International Relations The Global Profile Leer en Español Newsletters Morning Briefing: Europe Get what you need to know to start your day. The Interpreter Original analysis on the week’s biggest global stories. Your Places: Global Update The latest news for any part of the world you select. Canada Letter Backstories and analysis from our Canadian correspondents. See all newsletters Business Sections Business Tech Economy Media Finance and Markets DealBook Personal Tech Energy Transition Your Money Top Stories U.S. Economy Stock Market Artificial Intelligence Newsletters DealBook The most crucial business and policy news you need to know. See all newsletters Podcasts Hard Fork Our tech journalists help you make sense of the rapidly changing tech world. See all podcasts Arts Sections Today's Arts Book Review Best Sellers Dance Movies Music Television Theater Pop Culture T Magazine Visual Arts Recommendations 100 Best Books of the 21st Century Critic’s Picks What to Read What to Watch What to Listen To 5 Minutes to Make You Love Music Newsletters Read Like the Wind Book recommendations from our critics. Watching Streaming TV and movie recommendations. See all newsletters Podcasts Book Review The podcast that takes you inside the literary world. Popcast Pop music news, new songs and albums, and artists of note. See all podcasts Lifestyle Sections All Lifestyle Well Travel Style Real Estate Food Love Your Money Personal Tech T Magazine Columns 36 Hours Ask Well The Hunt Modern Love Where to Eat Vows Social Q’s The Ethicist Ask the Therapist Newsletters Open Thread The latest news on what we wear, by our chief fashion critic. Well Essential news and guidance to live your healthiest life. See all newsletters Podcasts Modern Love The complicated love lives of real people. See all podcasts Opinion Sections Opinion Guest Essays Editorials Op-Docs Videos Letters Topics Politics World Business Tech Climate Health Culture Columnists Jamelle Bouie David Brooks Gail Collins Ross Douthat Maureen Dowd David French Thomas L. Friedman M. Gessen Michelle Goldberg Ezra Klein Nicholas Kristof Carlos Lozada Tressie McMillan Cottom Lydia Polgreen Bret Stephens Zeynep Tufekci Podcasts Interesting Times with Ross Douthat Mapping the new world order through interviews and conversations. The Opinions You've heard the news, here's what to make of it. The Ezra Klein Show Discussions of ideas that matter, plus book recommendations. See all podcasts Audio Audio Podcasts and narrated articles covering news, tech, culture and more.Download the Audio app on iOS. Listen The Headlines The Daily Hard Fork The Ezra Klein Show Interesting Times The Opinions Serial Productions The Book Review Podcast Modern Love Popcast Reporter Reads The Sunday Read The Culture Desk The Interview See all audio Featured The Interview Conversations with the world’s most fascinating people. The Headlines Your morning listen. Top stories, in 10 minutes. Serial: The Good Whale A Hollywood orca's real-life odyssey back to the ocean. Newsletters Audio Our editors share their favorite listens from The Times and beyond. See all newsletters Audio is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Games Games Word games, logic puzzles and crosswords, including an extensive archive. Play Spelling Bee The Mini Crossword Wordle The Crossword Strands Connections Sudoku Letter Boxed Tiles Community Spelling Bee Forum Wordplay Column Wordle Review Submit a Crossword Meet Our Crossword Constructors Mini to Maestro Wordlebot Take the Puzzle Personality Quiz Newsletters Gameplay Puzzles, brain teasers, solving tips and more. Easy Mode Get an easy version of one of the hardest crossword puzzles of the week. See all newsletters Games is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Cooking Cooking Recipes, advice and inspiration for everyday cooking, special occasions and more. Recipes Easy Dinner Quick Healthy Breakfast Vegetarian Vegan Chicken Pasta Dessert Editors' Picks Easy Salmon Recipes Grilling Recipes Easy Weeknight Newest Recipes Cheap and Easy Dinner Ideas Slow Cooker Recipes Healthy Breakfast Ideas Memorial Day Recipes Newsletters The Cooking Newsletter New recipes, easy dinner ideas and smart kitchen tips from Melissa Clark, Sam Sifton and our New York Times Cooking editors. The Veggie Delicious vegetarian recipes and tips from Tanya Sichynsky. Five Weeknight Dishes Dinner ideas for busy people from Emily Weinstein. See all newsletters Cooking is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Wirecutter Wirecutter Reviews and recommendations for thousands of products. Reviews Kitchen Tech Sleep Appliances Home and Garden Moving Travel Gifts Deals Baby and Kid Health and Fitness The Best... Air Purifier Electric Toothbrush Pressure Washer Cordless Stick Vacuum Office Chair Robot Vacuum Newsletters The Recommendation The best independent reviews, expert advice and intensively researched deals. Clean Everything Step-by-step advice on how to keep everything in your home squeaky clean. See all newsletters Wirecutter is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. The Athletic The Athletic Personalized coverage of your sports teams and leagues. Leagues NFL NBA NHL Premier League MLB College Football NCAAM NCAAW Tennis F1 Fantasy & Betting WNBA Top Stories NBA Playoffs MLB Standings Soccer Transfers Newsletters The Pulse Delivering the top stories in sports, Sunday to Friday. Scoop City The top stories in the NFL, from Jacob Robinson with Dianna Russini. See all newsletters Play Connections: Sports Edition Connections Coach The Athletic is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. U.S. Sections U.S. Politics New York California Education Health Obituaries Science Climate Weather Sports Business Tech The Upshot The Magazine Top Stories Donald Trump Supreme Court Congress Immigration Abortion Newsletters The Morning Make sense of the day’s news and ideas. The Upshot Analysis that explains politics, policy and everyday life. See all newsletters Podcasts The Daily The biggest stories of our time, in 20 minutes a day. See all podcasts World Sections World Africa Americas Asia Australia Canada Europe Middle East Science Climate Weather Health Obituaries Top Stories Middle East Crisis Russia-Ukraine War China International Relations The Global Profile Leer en Español Newsletters Morning Briefing: Europe Get what you need to know to start your day. The Interpreter Original analysis on the week’s biggest global stories. Your Places: Global Update The latest news for any part of the world you select. Canada Letter Backstories and analysis from our Canadian correspondents. See all newsletters Business Sections Business Tech Economy Media Finance and Markets DealBook Personal Tech Energy Transition Your Money Top Stories U.S. Economy Stock Market Artificial Intelligence Newsletters DealBook The most crucial business and policy news you need to know. See all newsletters Podcasts Hard Fork Our tech journalists help you make sense of the rapidly changing tech world. See all podcasts Arts Sections Today's Arts Book Review Best Sellers Dance Movies Music Television Theater Pop Culture T Magazine Visual Arts Recommendations 100 Best Books of the 21st Century Critic’s Picks What to Read What to Watch What to Listen To 5 Minutes to Make You Love Music Newsletters Read Like the Wind Book recommendations from our critics. Watching Streaming TV and movie recommendations. See all newsletters Podcasts Book Review The podcast that takes you inside the literary world. Popcast Pop music news, new songs and albums, and artists of note. See all podcasts Lifestyle Sections All Lifestyle Well Travel Style Real Estate Food Love Your Money Personal Tech T Magazine Columns 36 Hours Ask Well The Hunt Modern Love Where to Eat Vows Social Q’s The Ethicist Ask the Therapist Newsletters Open Thread The latest news on what we wear, by our chief fashion critic. Well Essential news and guidance to live your healthiest life. See all newsletters Podcasts Modern Love The complicated love lives of real people. See all podcasts Opinion Sections Opinion Guest Essays Editorials Op-Docs Videos Letters Topics Politics World Business Tech Climate Health Culture Columnists Jamelle Bouie David Brooks Gail Collins Ross Douthat Maureen Dowd David French Thomas L. Friedman M. Gessen Michelle Goldberg Ezra Klein Nicholas Kristof Carlos Lozada Tressie McMillan Cottom Lydia Polgreen Bret Stephens Zeynep Tufekci Podcasts Interesting Times with Ross Douthat Mapping the new world order through interviews and conversations. The Opinions You've heard the news, here's what to make of it. The Ezra Klein Show Discussions of ideas that matter, plus book recommendations. See all podcasts Audio Audio Podcasts and narrated articles covering news, tech, culture and more.Download the Audio app on iOS. Listen The Headlines The Daily Hard Fork The Ezra Klein Show Interesting Times The Opinions Serial Productions The Book Review Podcast Modern Love Popcast Reporter Reads The Sunday Read The Culture Desk The Interview See all audio Featured The Interview Conversations with the world’s most fascinating people. The Headlines Your morning listen. Top stories, in 10 minutes. Serial: The Good Whale A Hollywood orca's real-life odyssey back to the ocean. Newsletters Audio Our editors share their favorite listens from The Times and beyond. See all newsletters Audio is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Games Games Word games, logic puzzles and crosswords, including an extensive archive. Play Spelling Bee The Mini Crossword Wordle The Crossword Strands Connections Sudoku Letter Boxed Tiles Community Spelling Bee Forum Wordplay Column Wordle Review Submit a Crossword Meet Our Crossword Constructors Mini to Maestro Wordlebot Take the Puzzle Personality Quiz Newsletters Gameplay Puzzles, brain teasers, solving tips and more. Easy Mode Get an easy version of one of the hardest crossword puzzles of the week. See all newsletters Games is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Cooking Cooking Recipes, advice and inspiration for everyday cooking, special occasions and more. Recipes Easy Dinner Quick Healthy Breakfast Vegetarian Vegan Chicken Pasta Dessert Editors' Picks Easy Salmon Recipes Grilling Recipes Easy Weeknight Newest Recipes Cheap and Easy Dinner Ideas Slow Cooker Recipes Healthy Breakfast Ideas Memorial Day Recipes Newsletters The Cooking Newsletter New recipes, easy dinner ideas and smart kitchen tips from Melissa Clark, Sam Sifton and our New York Times Cooking editors. The Veggie Delicious vegetarian recipes and tips from Tanya Sichynsky. Five Weeknight Dishes Dinner ideas for busy people from Emily Weinstein. See all newsletters Cooking is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. Wirecutter Wirecutter Reviews and recommendations for thousands of products. Reviews Kitchen Tech Sleep Appliances Home and Garden Moving Travel Gifts Deals Baby and Kid Health and Fitness The Best... Air Purifier Electric Toothbrush Pressure Washer Cordless Stick Vacuum Office Chair Robot Vacuum Newsletters The Recommendation The best independent reviews, expert advice and intensively researched deals. Clean Everything Step-by-step advice on how to keep everything in your home squeaky clean. See all newsletters Wirecutter is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. The Athletic The Athletic Personalized coverage of your sports teams and leagues. Leagues NFL NBA NHL Premier League MLB College Football NCAAM NCAAW Tennis F1 Fantasy & Betting WNBA Top Stories NBA Playoffs MLB Standings Soccer Transfers Newsletters The Pulse Delivering the top stories in sports, Sunday to Friday. Scoop City The top stories in the NFL, from Jacob Robinson with Dianna Russini. See all newsletters Play Connections: Sports Edition Connections Coach The Athletic is included in an All Access subscription. Learn more. New York Times - Top Stories Live LIVE Trump Administration June 4, 2025, 9:59 a.m. ET French Open June 4, 2025, 9:20 a.m. ET Top Stories LIVE June 4, 2025, 9:59 a.m. ET Higher U.S. Tariffs on Steel and Aluminum Take Effect The tariffs, which rose to 50 percent from 25 percent, have already rankled close allies that sell metal to the U.S., including Canada and the European Union. Trump Wants America to Make Things Again. Does It Have What It Takes? 5 min read Lena Mucha for The New York Times China Tries to Stop Smuggling of Rare Earths as Shortages Loom Abroad 4 min read DEALBOOK Trump Bemoans the Difficulty of Striking a Deal With China 7 min read China Really Wants to Attract Talented Scientists. Trump Just Helped. 5 min read The HeadlinesAudio Musk Slams Trump’s Policy Bill, Dust Plume Heads to Florida, and More 9 min listen Russia-Ukraine War Photos Trump Mulls Sanctions on Russia Peace Talks Military Aid to Ukraine Analysis Drone Attacks Are the New Front in War. NATO Is Trying to Catch Up. Assaults in Russia and Ukraine have shown major military powers that they are unprepared for evolving forms of warfare, and need to adapt. 4 min read As U.S. Wavers on Defending Ukraine, Europe Is More Optimistic Europe has the money and the artillery shells, but key U.S. capabilities like operational intelligence and air defense would be difficult to replace. 5 min read Tyler Hicks/The New York Times After Muscling Their Bill Through the House, Some Republicans Have Regrets The legislation carrying President Trump’s domestic agenda squeaked through, but some Republicans now say they didn’t realize what they voted for. 4 min read Musk Calls Trump’s Bill an ‘Abomination’ as Their Public Rift Widens 5 min read Nicole Craine for The New York Times Trump Wants No Taxes on Tips. Here’s Who Would and Wouldn’t Benefit. Electricity Prices Are Surging. The G.O.P. Megabill Could Push Them Higher. 6 min read The Gutting of America’s Medical Research We found nearly 2,500 grants that have been canceled or delayed by the Trump administration. The New York Times Middle East Tensions Aid in Gaza Israel Strikes Yemen’s Airport Trump, Syria and Israel Israeli-Backed Aid Sites in Gaza Close Temporarily After Shootings The group said it was working to improve operations, a day after the Red Cross said at least 27 Palestinians were killed near a distribution center. 3 min read The Morning Deadly Aid Deliveries in Gaza 8 min read Iran’s Supreme Leader Calls U.S. Nuclear Deal Proposal ‘Nonsense’ 2 min read Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Got a Tip? The Times offers several ways to send important information confidentially › Taylor Swift Never Rerecorded ‘Reputation.’ Thank God. After buying back her master recordings, she said she has no plans to finish remaking her most inventive, shocking and risky album yet, our critic writes. 5 min read Kevin Mazur/Getty Images Trump Administration Domestic Policy Bill Monetized Presidency New Political Landscape Approval Ratings U.S. May Strip Harvey Milk’s Name From Navy Vessel The Navy is reviewing ship names honoring Mr. Milk, a gay rights pioneer, and other leaders. In his case, the move is said to be intended as a rebuke of Pride Month. 2 min read Trump Rescinds Biden Policy Requiring Hospitals to Provide Emergency Abortions 3 min read An Immigrant Was Accused of Threatening Trump. Prosecutors Say He Was Framed. 6 min read Ariana Drehsler/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Attack in Boulder, Colo. The Latest What to Know American Antisemitism Heightened Anxiety Among Jews Before the Attack in Boulder, the Gaza War Consumed the City Council Activists have regularly disrupted council meetings to demand that Boulder, Colo., call for a cease-fire in Gaza. The unusual tension suggests a changing city. 6 min read Michael Ciaglo for The New York Times South Korea’s New Leader Name Checks North Korea but Not China Lee Jae-myung’s inauguration speech was a sign of the diplomatic maneuvering he will need to pull off to navigate relations with China and the U.S. 4 min read Jun Michael Park for The New York Times The (Failed) Beer Run that Could Change Canada One man fought back after being fined for bringing too much beer into his province. He lost the battle, but may yet win the war. 6 min read Chris Donovan for The New York Times Sean Combs’s Trial What to Know Path to Stardom Ex-Girlfriend’s Testimony Timeline Sean Combs as Defendant: Gestures to Family, Sticky Notes to Lawyers Few people have glimpsed the music mogul as he helps direct his defense, facing charges that could put him in prison for the rest of his life. 5 min read Woman Is Expected to Testify That Sean Combs Held Her Over a Balcony 3 min read Mark Von Holden/Invision, via Associated Press Edmund White, Pioneer of Queer Literature, Dies at 85 Mr. White mined his own varied catalog of sexual experiences in more than 30 books of fiction and nonfiction. 7 min read Ethan Hill for The New York Times LIVE June 4, 2025, 9:20 a.m. ET Gauff Defeats Keys in All-American Women’s Quarterfinal The No. 2 seed Coco Gauff faced No. 7 Madison Keys in the first match of the day. Jannik Sinner, the top men’s seed, plays later today. From The Athletic Anne-Christine Poujoulat/Agence France-Presse — Getty Images 5 Minutes That Will Make You Love Ella Fitzgerald Explore the catalog of “the First Lady of Song” with tracks chosen by Valerie June, Yaya Bey, Imani Perry and 13 more writers and musicians. 14 min read Dante Zaballa Opinion W.J. Hennigan Ukraine’s Attack Exposed America’s Achilles’ Heel 4 min read Jamelle Bouie Now the President Is an Art Critic 5 min read Kenny Holston/The New York Times Thomas L. Friedman Trump’s Gilded Gut Instinct 7 min read Michael W. McConnell This Is the True Danger of Trump’s Tariffs 6 min read Late Night: Trump and Musk Can Patch Things Up “Oh, no, not my two favorite people fighting!” Michael Kosta said of Donald Trump and Elon Musk. “Don’t make me choose who I love more.” 3 min read Advertisement SKIP ADVERTISEMENT More News Amid Rising Heat, Hajj Becomes Test of Endurance for Pilgrims and Saudi Arabia Millions of Muslims will make the annual pilgrimage to Mecca. The kingdom faces scrutiny over safety after more than 1,300 people died last year. 4 min read Eastern U.S. Is Shrouded in Smoke and Dust Smoke from Canadian wildfires and desert dust from the Sahara are creating unhealthy air quality. 3 min read Agence France-Presse — Getty Images Attack on Aid Convoy in Sudan Kills 5, U.N. Says The delivery was supposed to be the first to arrive in the embattled city of El Fasher, the capital of North Darfur State, in more than a year. 2 min read A Student at Brown Channeled Elon Musk. Then He Got in Trouble. A conservative student newspaper had DOGE-style questions about the work of Brown University staff. Its writers were summoned to disciplinary hearings. 6 min read The Athletic Sports coverage Play Connections: Sports Edition Group sports terms that share a common thread. Well Culture and Lifestyle Audio Podcasts and narrated articles Games Daily puzzles Wordle Guess the 5-letter word with 6 chances. Connections Group words that share a common thread. Strands Uncover hidden words and reveal the theme. Spelling Bee How many words can you make with 7 letters? The Crossword Get clued in with wordplay, every day. The Mini Crossword Solve this bite-sized puzzle in just a few minutes. Site Index Site Information Navigation © 2025 The New York Times Company NYTCo Contact Us Accessibility Work with us Advertise T Brand Studio Your Ad Choices Privacy Policy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Map Canada International Help Subscriptions Manage Privacy Preferences