Engadget | Technology News & Reviews Sign in Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Nintendo Switch 2: The final preview Do you really need to get one now or is it OK to wait? Sam Rutherford 06.03.2025 How to buy the Nintendo Switch 2 Valentina Palladino 3 hours ago The Nothing Phone 3 arrives in July Igor Bonifacic 06.03.2025 Video Games Weekly: I still don't miss E3 Jessica Conditt 06.02.2025 Anker portable chargers are on sale for up to 50 percent off Lawrence Bonk 2 hours ago Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Latest stories AMC Networks is teaming up with AI company Runway AMC is looking to cut costs by using AI-generated imagery in pre-production and marketing. Pick up the Apple Watch Series 10 while it's on sale for $100 off Our choice for the best smartwatch overall has dropped back down to a record low price. Amazon is already making a movie about the 2023 OpenAI and Sam Altman boardroom drama Amazon's MGM Studios is fast-tracking a movie about OpenAI's 2023 boardroom drama that saw CEO Sam Altman fired and then rehired. AMD Radeon RX 9060 XT 16GB review: Finally, a powerful $350 GPU The Radeon RX 9060 XT delivers a solid amount of 1080p and 1440p gaming power for just $350. It’s not the fastest card around, but it’s a great option for most people. Anker portable chargers are on sale for up to 50 percent off There are a bunch of Anker power banks and charging accessories for sale via Amazon. This includes the 737 portable laptop charger for $88. Uber now offers a streamlined app for seniors, complete with flexible payment options Uber just introduced dedicated accounts for senior citizens, with unique features like a streamlined app layout. There are also fewer clicks required to order a car. Apple's iPad Air M3 is cheaper than ever right now You can pick one up for $499. Florida's social media law has been temporarily blocked by a federal judge A federal judge has temporarily blocked Florida's new law that bans children under 14 from using social media. How to buy the Nintendo Switch 2 Here's all the latest information on how to buy the Switch 2 and where you can get one. The best gaming gifts for dads this Father's Day Any of these gift ideas will make dad's game time more fun. Samsung teases a Galaxy Z Fold Ultra Samsung has published a blog post teasing the "next chapter of ultra." The best ergonomic keyboards for 2025 Ergonomic keyboards reposition your hands and arms which could help you feel less strain as you work. We tried different types and this is what we think. Jeopardy! and Wheel of Fortune will stream next-day on Hulu and Peacock Jeopardy! and Wheel of Fortune will have a new streaming home this fall thanks to a multi-year deal. TikTok now blocks search results for #SkinnyTok TikTok no longer shows search results for the hashtag #SkinnyTok following pressure from European regulators. How to watch Sony's PlayStation State of Play at Summer Game Fest The stream on June 4 will run for over 40 minutes and feature "must-play" PS5 games. The gorgeous indie game Death Howl will have a new demo on June 9 'Guide a grieving mother through a sorrowful spiritual realm.' Reddit will let you hide posts, comments and NSFW activity from your public profile Reddit will allow people to "curate" their public-facing profiles by hiding some of their posting and commenting activity from other users. Splitgate 2 will exit its beta and get an official release on June 6 There's a new arena shooter in town. The sequel to 2021's Splitgate is coming out on June 6. Google has 'paused' the Ask Photos rollout If you're still waiting on access to Google's AI-driven Ask Photos feature, you'll need to hold tight a little longer. Nintendo Switch 2 launches on Thursday, here's everything you need to know The Nintendo Switch 2 is coming in 2025. Here are all of the confirmed details, rumors and speculation regarding the upcoming console. 1 2 3 4 5 ... Next Latest reviews and guides See all guides Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Subscribe to our newsletter: The Morning After - A twice-weekly dose of the news you need By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms andPrivacy Policy. Subscribe By subscribing, you are agreeing to Engadget's Terms andPrivacy Policy. About Engadget Masthead About our Ads Advertise Licensing FAQ RSS Feed Sections Reviews Gear Gaming Entertainment Tomorrow Buying Guides Video Podcasts Deals Contribute Comment Guidelines Support BUYING GUIDES Best laptop The best iPad Best Bluetooth speaker Best E Ink tablets Best wireless earbuds Best power banks Best gaming handhelds Contribute Comment Guidelines Support BUYING GUIDES Best laptop The best iPad Best Bluetooth speaker Best E Ink tablets Best wireless earbuds Best power banks Best gaming handhelds Follow Us © 2025 Yahoo. All rights reserved. About UsReprints and PermissionsTrademarksAdvertiseAbout Our Ads Terms and Privacy Policy Privacy & Cookie Settings