HistoryNet: Your Authoritative Source for U.S. & World History Close Subscribe Now Search for: Search Today In History Wars & Events The Russia–Ukraine War American Revolution The Civil War World War I World War II Cold War Korean War Vietnam War Global War on Terror Movements Women’s Rights Civil Rights Abolition of Slavery Famous People U.S. Presidents World Leaders Military Leaders Outlaws & Lawmen Activists Artists & Writers Celebrities Scientists Philosophers Eras Modern Era 2000s 1900s 1800s Early Modern 1700s 1600s 1500s The Middle Ages Classical Era Prehistory Topics Black History Slavery Women’s History Prisoners of War Firsthand Accounts Technology & Weaponry Aviation & Spaceflight Naval & Maritime Politics Military History Art & Literature News Entertainment & Culture Historical Figures Photography Wild West Social History Native American History Magazines American History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II Newsletters Podcasts Privacy Policy Terms of Service Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Close Skip to content Privacy Policy Terms of Service Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube HistoryNet The most comprehensive and authoritative history site on the Internet. Subscribe Now Open Search Search for: Search Menu Today In History Wars & Events The Russia–Ukraine War American Revolution The Civil War World War I World War II Cold War Korean War Vietnam War Global War on Terror Movements Women’s Rights Civil Rights Abolition of Slavery Famous People U.S. Presidents World Leaders Military Leaders Outlaws & Lawmen Activists Artists & Writers Celebrities Scientists Philosophers Eras Modern Era 2000s 1900s 1800s Early Modern 1700s 1600s 1500s The Middle Ages Classical Era Prehistory Topics Black History Slavery Women’s History Prisoners of War Firsthand Accounts Technology & Weaponry Aviation & Spaceflight Naval & Maritime Politics Military History Art & Literature News Entertainment & Culture Historical Figures Photography Wild West Social History Native American History Magazines American History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II Newsletters Podcasts Feature Don’t Blame Billy the Kid’s Mom for His Outlaw Lifestyle—He Was Always Going to Be Bad Catherine McCarty Antrim did all she could to protect and raise both of her sons—Billy, the future outlaw, and Joe, the future forgotten brother. Read on Stories Killer Instinct: How One Man Taught U.S. Rangers to Fight Dirty in WWII Feature How This Subterranean Logistics Base in Afghanistan Bedeviled Soviet Invaders Interview Yes, Buzz Aldrin Walked on the Moon But We Asked Him About His Fighter Jock Days Stories If You Like the B-17s in Masters of the Air, You’ll Love These Movies Our Podcast This Week in History watch more What If…? More what if stories What If? What If the Nazis Had Actually Built the Horten HO-229 Jet Flying Wing? The Horten Ho-229 has been the subject of more speculation and myths than any other World War II airplane. What If? What If Britain Had Made Peace With Hitler? What If? What If the Marines Had Skipped Iwo Jima? What If? What If Hitler Had Defeated the Soviet Union? What If? What If the U.S. Had Invaded a Japanese Home Island? Weapons & Gear More weapons & gear Weapons & Gear Manual Buffalo Bill’s Tours of Italy and the ‘Spaghetti Western’ Inspired Replica Old West Firearms Rifles and revolvers made by Uberti, Pietta, Pedersoli and other Italian firms remain popular. Keep reading Stories How to Build Royce Williams’ MiG-Killing Panther Weapons & Gear Manual The Workhorse of the Berlin Airlift, the Douglas C-47 Saw Service Through Vietnam Stories The FADAC Was Used to Calculate Artillery Firing Data. Was it One of the First Personal Computers? Weapons & Gear Manual Bullard Rifles Were Popular, But Were Too Expensive and Took Too Long to Make HistoryNet Archives: Best U.S. General? Stories The Man Who Saved Korea Matthew B. Ridgway, who brought a beaten Eighth Army back from disaster in 1951, was a thinking—and fighting—man’s soldier. Keep reading Stories Omar Bradley, the General’s General Feature Admiral Raymond A. Spruance: Modest Victor of Midway Feature Patton and the Battle of the Bulge: ‘As soon as you’re through with me, I can attack the day after tomorrow morning’ Feature George Washington Needed to Keep His Spies Hidden. So He Financed a Secret Lab For Invisible Ink. EDITORS’ PICKS In 1807 a French Officer Field-Tested an Artillery Tactic That Remained Decisive for More Than a Century The breakthrough came during the Battle of Friedland, the victory that decided the War of the Fourth Coalition in Napoleon’s favor. Read MORE Napoléon knew the moment to strike his Russian foe, but his victory was a credit to an innovative reserve artillery officer. (Château de Versailles) Embattled Banner: The True History of the Confederate Flag What If Hitler Had Won World War II? Sid Cotton’s Air Force was an early ‘eye in the sky’ for Britain’s Intelligence Service Haunted by the Dead: Grave Digging in WWII was a Job No Soldier Wanted Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube “History is a guide to navigation in perilous times. History is who we are and why we are the way we are.” David McCullough, author of “1776” HistoryNet.com is brought to you by HistoryNet LLC, the world’s largest publisher of history magazines. HistoryNet.com contains daily features, photo galleries and over 25,000 articles originally published in our nine magazines. Our Magazines American History America’s Civil War Aviation History Civil War Times Military History Military History Quarterly Vietnam Wild West World War II About Us What Is HistoryNet.com? Advertise With Us Careers Meet Our Staff! Stay Curious Subscribe to receive our weekly newsletter with top stories from master historians. sign me up! © 2025 HistoryNet. Privacy Policy Terms of Service