Information on Indian Culture, Tradition & Heritage Toggle navigation Jewelry Monuments History Indian Weddings Indian Art Dances Social Issues Social Media Influences On Indian Culture Exploring the Rich Tapestry of Indian Cuisine: A Culinary Journey Tiger Conservation in India: Challenges, Strategies, and Achievements Freida Pinto Noor Inayat Khan Jewellery 20 Tips For Choosing Your Bridal Jewelry 10 Hottest Bollywood Jewelry Trends Every Indian Bride Must Check Out This Wedding Season All About Beads and Indian Bead Jewelry Social Causes What Is the Custom of Sati? Swachh Bharat Abhiyan Caste System in India A Brief History of the British East India Company Non-Cooperation Movement History: Causes, Result and Importance Women Empowerment: It’s Meaning and Why Is It Important The culture of India is one of the oldest and unique. In India, there is amazing cultural diversity throughout the country. The South, North, and Northeast have their own distinct cultures and almost every state has carved out its own cultural niche. There is hardly any culture in the world that is as varied and unique as India. India is a vast country, having variety of geographical features and climatic conditions. India is home to some of the most ancient civilizations, including four major world religions, Hinduism, Buddhism, Jainism and Sikhism. A combination of these factors has resulted into an exclusive culture- Indian culture. Indian culture is a composite mixture of varying styles and influences. In the matter of cuisine, for instance, the North and the South are totally different. Festivals in India are characterized by color, gaiety, enthusiasm, prayers and rituals. In the realm of music, there are varieties of folk, popular, pop, and classical music. The classical tradition of music in India includes the Carnatic and the Hindustani music. Leaders Reformers Indian Clothing Indian Food Indian Architecture Indian Crafts Precious Stones Indian Cinema Indian Forts Indian Pilgrimage Indian Religions National Symbols Temples in India Indian Folktales Indian Music Indian Culture (In Tamil) Indian Culture (In Hindi) Learn Copyright © CulturalIndia.net All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy