ProPublica — Investigative Journalism and News in the Public Interest Summer Member Drive Journalism for the people, not for profit DONATE Skip to content Menu Menu ProPublica Donate ProPublica Investigative Journalism in the Public Interest Menu Menu Search Search Donate Nonprofit Explorer Local Initiatives Newsletters About Us Mail Email Address: Arrow Right Sign Up Menu Menu ProPublica Donate Close Close ProPublica Donate Search ProPublica: Search Search Topics Racial Justice Racial Justice Healthcare Health Care Politics Politics Criminal Justice Criminal Justice more… Browse by Place Midwest Northwest South Southwest Texas Type Graphics & Data Newsletters Series Videos Local Reporting Network Electionland Data Store Info About Us Impact Jobs & Fellowships Contact Us Follow ProPublica Bluesky Bluesky Instagram Instagram Facebook Facebook X (Twitter) YouTube YouTube Threads Threads LinkedIn LinkedIn RSS RSS ProPublica Wins Pulitzer Prize for Public Service Our reporting exposed the fatal consequences of abortion bans. And, an investigation into mental health care access was named a finalist. Read more → The Tech Recruitment Ruse That Has Avoided Trump’s Crackdown on Immigration Every Sunday, newspapers are full of ads for tech jobs that aren't really looking for applicants. They reveal an aspect of U.S. immigration law that hurts both domestic and foreign workers — yet has endured for decades. by Alec MacGillis, June 3, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT Trump Wants to Cut Tribal College Funding by Nearly 90%, Putting Them at Risk of Closing ProPublica found that Congress was underfunding tribal colleges by a quarter-billion dollars per year. Rather than fixing the problem, proposed federal funding cuts unveiled this week would devastate the schools, tribal education leaders say. by Matt Krupnick for ProPublica, June 3, 2025, 3:30 p.m. EDT America’s Mental Barrier He Died Without Getting Mental Health Care He Sought. A New Lawsuit Says His Insurer’s Ghost Network Is to Blame. The mother of Ravi Coutinho, the subject of a recent ProPublica investigation, is suing Centene for publishing “misleading” information that gave her son a false impression about the kinds of mental health care that were actually available. by Max Blau, June 2, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT Juvenile Injustice, Tennessee The Head of a Tennessee Youth Detention Center Will Step Down After “Loss of Confidence” in His Leadership A 2023 investigation by WPLN News and ProPublica found that Richard L. Bean was illegally locking kids up alone in cells. A new scandal has forced his resignation. by Paige Pfleger, WPLN/Nashville Public Radio, June 2, 2025, 3 p.m. EDT Local Reporting Network Trump Administration Knew Vast Majority of Venezuelans Sent to Salvadoran Prison Had Not Been Convicted of U.S. Crimes Homeland Security records reveal that officials knew that more than half of the 238 deportees were labeled as having no criminal record in the U.S. and had only violated immigration laws. by Mica Rosenberg, ProPublica; Perla Trevizo, ProPublica and The Texas Tribune; Melissa Sanchez and Gabriel Sandoval, ProPublica; Ronna Rísquez, Alianza Rebelde Investiga; and Adrián González, Cazadores de Fake News, May 30, 2025, 5 a.m. CDT The Ugly Truth Former “We Buy Ugly Houses” Franchise Owner to Plead Guilty in Fraud Scheme That Cost Investors $40 Million Charles Carrier agreed to plead guilty to one count of felony wire fraud that carries a potential 20-year prison sentence. The plea follows a ProPublica report detailing how Carrier bilked investors across Texas out of millions of dollars. by Anjeanette Damon and Mollie Simon, May 30, 2025, 3:30 p.m. EDT What We’re Watching During Donald Trump’s second presidency, ProPublica will focus on the areas most in need of scrutiny. Here are some of the issues our reporters will be watching — and how to get in touch with them securely. Learn more about our reporting team. We will continue to share our areas of interest as the news develops. Sharon Lerner I cover health and the environment and the agencies that govern them, including the Environmental Protection Agency. Contact Me Andy Kroll I cover justice and the rule of law, including the Justice Department, U.S. attorneys and the courts. Contact Me Melissa Sanchez I report on immigration and labor, and I am based in Chicago. Contact Me Jesse Coburn I cover housing and transportation, including the companies working in those fields and the regulators overseeing them. Contact Me If you don’t have a specific tip or story in mind, we could still use your help. Sign up to be a member of our federal worker source network to stay in touch. We’re trying something new. Was it helpful? How Recent Arrivals at the Border Have Changed the Country and Its Attitudes America is experiencing new types and patterns of immigration. How did we get here? On the Hook Connecticut Legislature Passes Bill Overhauling Century-Old Towing Laws The reforms, which were proposed in response to an investigation by CT Mirror and ProPublica, make it harder to tow vehicles from private property and easier for drivers to retrieve them after a tow. by Ginny Monk and Dave Altimari, The Connecticut Mirror, May 30, 2025, 6:50 p.m. EDT Local Reporting Network El gobierno de Trump sabía que la gran mayoría de los venezolanos enviados a la prisión de El Salvador no había sido condenada por crimen alguno en EE.UU. Los registros del Departamento de Seguridad Nacional de EE.UU., revelan que más de la mitad de los 238 deportados estaban catalogados sólo como infractores de las leyes de inmigración y no tenían prontuario criminal alguno en Estados Unidos. por Mica Rosenberg, ProPublica; Perla Trevizo, ProPublica y The Texas Tribune; Melissa Sanchez y Gabriel Sandoval, ProPublica; Ronna Rísquez, Alianza Rebelde Investiga; y Adrián González, Cazadores de Fake News, May 30, 2025, 5:05 a.m. CDT Red State Voters Approved Progressive Measures. GOP Lawmakers Are Trying to Undermine Them. In the wake of ballot measures that increased abortion access and improved sick leave for workers, a coordinated effort is unfolding across the country to restrict direct democracy — and shift power to partisan legislatures. by Jeremy Kohler, May 30, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT Impact: Senators Call on DOJ to Investigate Potential DOGE Conflicts of Interest After ProPublica Report Citing ProPublica’s reporting on the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, Democratic senators argued that the potential conflicts “underscore what appears to be a pervasive problem with Elon Musk and DOGE employees trampling ethics rules and laws.” by Jake Pearson, May 29, 2025, 3:15 p.m. EDT Crackdown on Student Threats A Tennessee School Agreed to Pay $100,000 to Family of 11-Year-Old Student Arrested Under School Threats Law Under the settlement, the Chattanooga charter school also agreed to implement training on how to handle threats of mass violence at school, including differentiating between “clearly innocuous statements” and “imminent” violence. by Aliyya Swaby, ProPublica, and Paige Pfleger, WPLN/Nashville Public Radio, May 29, 2025, 11 a.m. EDT “The Federal Government Is Gone”: Under Trump, the Fight Against Extremist Violence Is Left Up to the States As the White House redirects counterterrorism personnel and funds toward mass deportations, a state-level scramble is on to preserve efforts once supported by Washington. The result is a patchwork approach that leaves many areas uncovered. by Hannah Allam, May 29, 2025, 7 a.m. EDT Newtok, Alaska, Was Supposed to Be a Model for Climate Relocation. Here’s How It Went Wrong. The project’s challenges highlight how ill-prepared the U.S. is to respond to the way climate change is making some places uninhabitable. by Emily Schwing, KYUK, May 29, 2025, 6 a.m. EDT Local Reporting Network Nike’s Gold Standard Nike Repeatedly Raised Concerns About Repression in Cambodia. It Expanded Its Factory Workforce There Anyway. Nike’s continued growth in Cambodia underscores the level of political and labor repression the company has been willing to tolerate in countries that provide inexpensive labor. by Rob Davis, May 29, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT The Price Kids Pay Illinois Lawmakers Ban Police From Ticketing and Fining Students for Minor Infractions in School The legislation comes after a ProPublica-Chicago Tribune investigation revealed that even though state law bans schools from fining students directly, districts skirt the law by calling on police to issue citations for violating local ordinances. by Jodi S. Cohen and Jennifer Smith Richards, May 28, 2025, 9:45 p.m. EDT The End of Aid Death, Sexual Violence and Human Trafficking: Fallout From U.S. Aid Withdrawal Hits the World’s Most Fragile Locations Exclusive State Department records show: As the Trump administration abandons its humanitarian commitments, diplomats are reporting that the cuts have led to violence and instability while undermining anti-terrorism initiatives. by Brett Murphy and Anna Maria Barry-Jester, May 28, 2025, 2:45 p.m. EDT ProPublica Joins Lenfest Institute AI Collaborative and Fellowship Program ProPublica, May 28, 2025, 12:34 p.m. EDT Trump Pledged to “Make America Healthy Again,” Then Cut a Program Many Tribes Rely on for Healthy Food The USDA has ended a program that dozens of tribal food banks say has helped them provide fresh, locally produced food that is important to their traditions and cultures. by Mary Hudetz, May 28, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT Crackdown on Student Threats A Tennessee School Expelled a 12-Year-Old for a Social Post. Experts Say It Didn’t Properly Assess If He Made a Threat. The way school officials handled his case also exposes glaring contradictions in two recent state laws that aim to criminalize school threats and require schools to expel students who make them — with minimal transparency or accountability. by Aliyya Swaby, May 27, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT DOJ Abandons Effort to Address Phoenix’s Treatment of Homeless People The Justice Department retracted findings of constitutional violations in Phoenix and five other jurisdictions. Advocates say the move could further embolden cities and police departments to marginalize homeless people. by Nicole Santa Cruz, May 23, 2025, 3:30 p.m. EDT The “Invasion” Invention: The Far Right’s Long Legal Battle to Make Immigrants the Enemy The Trump administration is using the claim that immigrants have “invaded” the country to justify possibly suspending habeas corpus, part of the constitutional right to due process. A faction of the far right has been building this case for years. by Molly Redden, May 23, 2025, 5 a.m. EDT Layout List See More Stories Follow ProPublica Bluesky Instagram Facebook X YouTube Threads LinkedIn RSS Stay Informed Get our investigations delivered to your inbox with the Big Story newsletter. Email address This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Keep Them Honest Support journalism that speaks truth to power. Donate Now Awards ProPublica has been a recipient of the Pulitzer Prizes for public service, explanatory reporting, national reporting, investigative reporting and feature writing. See the full list of our awards. Complaints & Corrections To contact us with concerns and corrections, email us. All emails may be published unless you tell us otherwise. Read our corrections. ProPublica Events We bring our journalism to life through events that inform, inspire and spark ideas for change ProPublica Data Store Download or purchase the data behind our journalism Get Involved Help Us Report on Sexual Assault and Misconduct by the Chicago Police Department Have You Been Affected by Changes at the Department of Veterans Affairs? Tell Us About It. Help Us Report on How the Department of Education Is Handling Civil Rights Cases Most Read The Tech Recruitment Ruse That Has Avoided Trump’s Crackdown on Immigration Trump Wants to Cut Tribal College Funding by Nearly 90%, Putting Them at Risk of Closing He Died Without Getting Mental Health Care He Sought. A New Lawsuit Says His Insurer’s Ghost Network Is to Blame. Former “We Buy Ugly Houses” Franchise Owner to Plead Guilty in Fraud Scheme That Cost Investors $40 Million The Head of a Tennessee Youth Detention Center Will Step Down After “Loss of Confidence” in His Leadership Stay informed with the Daily Digest. Mail Email Address: Arrow Right Sign Up ProPublica Investigative Journalism in the Public Interest © Copyright 2025 Pro Publica Inc. Sites ProPublica Local Reporting Network Texas Tribune Partnership The Data Store Electionland Sections Topics Series Videos News Apps Get Involved The Nerd Blog @ProPublica Events Info About Board and Advisors Officers and Staff Diversity Jobs and Fellowships Media Center Reports Impact Awards Corrections Policies Code of Ethics Advertising Policy Privacy Policy Follow Newsletters iOS and Android RSS Feed More Send Us Tips Steal Our Stories Browse via Tor Contact Us Donate More Ways to Give undefined undefined