Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, Ministry of Culture, Government of India
 This page uses Javascript. Your browser either doesn't support Javascript or you have it turned off. To see this page as it is meant to appear please use a Javascript enabled browser. भारत सरकारGOVERNMENT OF INDIA संस्कृति मंत्रालयMINISTRY OF CULTURE English Hindi Marathi Bengali Kannada Telugu Malayalam Punjabi English ગુજરાતી हिंदी Telegu Marathi Bengali Tamil Malayalam Kannada Punjabi search About Themes Themes 2.0 Events Dhara Events Azadi Scientists Campaigns Stories of Change Stories of Change Mann Ki Baat Competitions History Corner Digital District Repository Districtwise narratives of our splendid heritage Unsung Heroes of India’s freedom struggle Paying tribute to India’s freedom fighters Public Contribution Portal Swatantra Swar Revolutionary poetry banned during the British Raj Podcast on Freedom Movement Zara Yaad Karo Qurbani Bharat Ki Kahani, Meenakashi Lekhi Ki Zubaani Rajyageet Melodic identity of our States Freedom Corner Stories of India’s Freedom Struggle Exhibitions Partition Horrors Remembrance Day Unity Festival Veer Baal Diwas Blog Media Coverage Photo Gallery Video Gallery Downloads Meri Maati Mera Desh X 112141854 Visitors 516885 Participation in Competitions 188994 Events Published Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav is an initiative of the Government of India to celebrate and commemorate 75 years of independence and the glorious history of its people, culture and achievements. Read More This Mahotsav is dedicated to the people of India who have not only been instrumental in bringing India thus far in its evolutionary journey but also hold within them the power and potential to enable Prime Minister Narendra Modi's vision of activating India 2.0, fuelled by the spirit of Aatmanirbhar Bharat. The official journey of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav commenced on 12th March 2021 which started a 75-week countdown to our 75th anniversary of independence and will end post a year on 15th August 2023. Following are the five themes of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav. Freedom struggle Ideas@75 Resolve@75 Actions@75 Achievements@75 As we countdown to 15th August 2023, Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav aims to further boost this peoples’ movement through collaborative campaigns and outreach across India and the world. Following campaigns are on the lines of nine critical themes aligned with the ‘Panch Pran’ announced by Hon’ble Prime Minister: Women and Children, Tribal Empowerment, Water, Cultural Pride, Lifestyle for Environment (LiFE), Health and Wellness, Inclusive Development, Aatmanirbhar Bharat and Unity. Women and Children Tribal Empowerment Water Lifestyle for Environment (LiFE) Health and Wellness Inclusive Development Aatmanirbhar Bharat Cultural Pride Unity Quotes Like the history of the freedom movement, the journey of 75 years after independence is a reflection of the hard work, innovation, enterprise of ordinary Indians. Whether in the country or abroad, we Indians have proved ourselves with our hard work. We are proud of our Constitution. We are proud of our democratic traditions. The mother of democracy, India is still moving forward by strengthening democracy. India, rich in knowledge and science, is leaving its mark from Mars to the moon. Narendra Modi Prime Minister of India The Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav means elixir of energy of independence; elixir of inspirations of the warriors of freedom struggle; elixir of new ideas and pledges; and elixir of Aatmanirbharta. Therefore, this Mahotsav is a festival of awakening of the nation; festival of fulfilling the dream of good governance; and the festival of global peace and development. Narendra Modi Prime Minister of India Meri Maati Mera Desh Know More Take Pledge Har Ghar Tiranga Know More Upload Selfie with Tiranga Downloads Know More Upload Selfie with Tiranga Downloads Combined Creatives Take Pledge Upload Selfie with Tiranga Ongoing Iconic Events View All Indian Art, Architecture, and Design Biennale 2023 Start Date December 8, 2023 End Date March 31, 2024 Organiser -Ministry of Culture Read More Ideas@75 Meri Maati Mera Desh Start Date August 9, 2023 End Date October 31, 2023 Organiser -Ministry of Youth Affairs and Sports and Ministry of Culture Know More Read More Freedom Struggle Upcoming Iconic Events View All Grand Hologram Statue of Netaji Spotlight of the Week View All 20 February 2024 20 Feb'24 Article Prime Minister addresses ‘Viksit Bharat Viksit Rajasthan’ program Know More Actions@75 12 February 2024 12 Feb'24 Article Prime Minister inaugurates India Energy Week 2024 Know More Actions@75 05 February 2024 05 Feb'24 Article Prime Minister addresses Bharat Mobility Global Expo 2024 Know More Actions@75 01 February 2024 01 Feb'24 Article Ministry of Culture tableau clinches first spot at Republic Day ... Know More Achievements@75 26 January 2024 26 Jan'24 Article Women power showcased on India’s 75th Republic Day at Kartavya P... Know More Actions@75 23 January 2024 23 Jan'24 Article Prime Minister Narendra Modi participated in Pran Pratishtha cer... Know More Achievements@75 Five Themes of Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav Freedom Struggle Ideas@75 Resolve@75 Actions@75 Achievements@75 Freedom Struggle This theme anchors our commemoration initiatives under Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav. It helps bring alive stories of unsung heroes whose sacrifices have made freedom a reality for us and also revisits the milestones, freedom movements etc. in the historical journey to 15 August, 1947. Programmes under this theme include Birsa Munda Jayanti (Janjatiya Gaurav Diwas), Declaration of Provisional Government of Free India by Netaji, Shaheed Diwas etc... Read More View All 16 Aug'24 De Jure Transfer Day held on 16-08-2024 ... Know More 14 Aug'24 Har Ghar Tiranga - Boat rally flagged of... Know More 14 Aug'24 Distribution of flags to Govt Schools by... Know More 14 Aug'24 Har Ghar Tiranga - students rally conduc... Know More 14 Aug'24 Har Ghar Tiranga - students rally held a... Know More 13 Aug'24 Har Ghar Tiranga rally program held at K... Know More Ideas@75 This theme focuses on programmes and events inspired by ideas and ideals that have shaped us and will guide us as we navigate through this period of Amrit Kaal (25 years between India@75 and India@100). The world as we knew it is changing and a new world is unfolding. The strength of our convictions will determine the longevity of our ideas. Events and programmes under this theme include popular, participatory initiatives that help bring alive India’s unique contribution to the world. These include events and initiatives such as Kashi Utsav dedicated to Hindi literary luminaries from the land of Kashi, Post Cards to Prime Minister wherein more than... Read More View All No Event Found. Resolve@75 This theme focuses on our collective resolve and determination to shape the destiny of our motherland. The journey to 2047 requires each one of us to rise up and play our part as individuals, groups, civil society, institutions of governance etc. Only through our collective resolve, well laid out action plans and determined efforts will ideas translate into actions. Events and programmes under this theme include initiatives such as Constitution Day, Good Governance Week etc. that help bring alive our commitment towards the ‘PLANET AND PEOPLE’ while being driven by a deep sense of PURPOSE... Read More View All No Event Found. Actions@75 This theme focuses on all the efforts that are being undertaken to help India take its rightful position in the new world order emerging in a post covid world by highlighting the steps being taken to implement policies and actualise commitments. It is driven by Prime Minister Modi’s clarion call of SABKA SAATH. SABKA VIKAS. SABKA VISHWAS, SABKA PRAYAS. It encompasses Government policies, schemes, action plans along with commitments from businesses, NGOs, civil society that help actualise our ideas and help us collectively create a better tomorrow. Programmes under this theme include initiatives such as Gati Shakti - National Master Plan for... Read More View All No Event Found. Achievements@75 This theme focuses on marking the passage of time and all our milestones along the way. It is intended to grow into a public account of our collective achievements as a 75-year-old independent country with a legacy of 5000+ years of ancient history. Events and programmes under this theme include initiatives such as Swarnim Vijay Varsh dedicated to the victory of 1971, launch of Shreshtha Yojana during Mahaparinirvan Diwas etc... Read More View All No Event Found. Video Gallery View All Act on Thaayin Manikodi Paareer Soun Wattan by Saurabh Zadoo and Indian Harmonies... Vande Mataram By Padma Shri Hariharan Jai Ho By Ustad Arshad Ali Khan, Pratibha Singh... Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi's... Act on Thaayin Manikodi Paareer Soun Wattan by Saurabh Zadoo and Indian Harmonies... Vande Mataram By Padma Shri Hariharan... Jai Ho By Ustad Arshad Ali Khan, Pratibha Singh... Hon'ble Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi's... Social Feeds Sitemap | Feedback| Downloads| Tenders| Login| Privacy Policy | Contact Copyright © 2021 Azadi Ka Amrit Mahotsav, Government of India. All Rights Reserved. Website last updated on: 14-5-2025 Website last updated on: 13-05-2022 Visitors: 112141854 Top