BBC News - Breaking news, video and the latest top stories from the U.S. and around the world Skip to content British Broadcasting Corporation Home News Sport Business Innovation Culture Arts Travel Earth Audio Video Live Israel-Gaza War War in Ukraine US & Canada UK Africa Asia Australia Europe Latin America Middle East In Pictures BBC InDepth BBC Verify Home News Israel-Gaza War War in Ukraine US & Canada UK UK Politics England N. Ireland N. Ireland Politics Scotland Scotland Politics Wales Wales Politics Africa Asia China India Australia Europe Latin America Middle East In Pictures BBC InDepth BBC Verify Sport Business Executive Lounge Technology of Business Future of Business Innovation Technology Science & Health Artificial Intelligence AI v the Mind Culture Film & TV Music Art & Design Style Books Entertainment News Arts Arts in Motion Travel Destinations Africa Antarctica Asia Australia and Pacific Caribbean & Bermuda Central America Europe Middle East North America South America World’s Table Culture & Experiences Adventures The SpeciaList Earth Natural Wonders Weather & Science Climate Solutions Sustainable Business Green Living Audio Podcasts Radio Audio FAQs Video Live Live News Live Sport Home News Sport Business Innovation Culture Arts Travel Earth Audio Video Live Weather Newsletters News News LIVE Gaza worse than hell on Earth, International Red Cross chief tells BBC as aid centres close for day The president of the ICRC tells the BBC's international editor Jeremy Bowen that Palestinians have been stripped of human dignity. South Korea's new president has a Trump-shaped crisis to avert Lee Jae-myung secured a storming victory, but his honeymoon will barely last the day. 13 hrs ago Asia The Indian pilot set for a historic space journey on Axiom-4 Shubhanshu Shukla will be only the second Indian to travel to space and the first-ever to visit ISS. 16 hrs ago World Vanuatu looks into revoking Andrew Tate's golden passport Tate gained citizenship in the tiny Pacific state under a scheme that has allegedly been abused by criminals. 8 hrs ago Asia Cologne evacuates 20,000 so WW2 bombs can be defused The German city cordons off a huge area, calling it the largest evacuation since the end of World War Two. 5 hrs ago Europe South Korea's new president has a Trump-shaped crisis to avert Lee Jae-myung secured a storming victory, but his honeymoon will barely last the day. 13 hrs ago Asia South Korea's new president Lee Jae-myung pledges to 'unite' country Experts say he faces a challenging task, as division and discontentment continue to rack South Korea. 9 hrs ago Asia Deadly mushroom lunch cook tells court she threw up toxic meal Erin Patterson is accused of murdering three relatives and trying to kill another with poisonous fungi. 6 hrs ago Australia Teen TikTok star shot dead after man broke into her home, police say The 17-year-old's murder has sparked a debate about women on social media in Pakistan. 3 hrs ago Asia The Indian pilot set for a historic space journey on Axiom-4 Shubhanshu Shukla will be only the second Indian to travel to space and the first-ever to visit ISS. 16 hrs ago World LIVE US markets open higher as businesses brace for impact of Trump's 50% metals tariffs Musk calls Trump's tax bill a 'disgusting abomination' 3 hrs ago US & Canada Chinese nationals accused of smuggling 'dangerous biological pathogen' into US 20 hrs ago World LIVE BBC Verify Live: New satellite images show damaged Russian bombers from Ukraine attack Meghan shares new photos of Lilibet to mark fourth birthday 5 hrs ago UK More to explore Watch: BBC on the ground in Seoul as new president is announced Opposition's Lee Jae-myung will become South Korea's next president, winning the country's first election since impeachment chaos. 20 hrs ago Asia Simon Jack: Tariff relief for UK but new clock ticking on US deal If the UK's deal with the US is not finalised by 9 July, the UK's tariff on steel will go back up to 50%. 4 hrs ago Business Why Labour is strengthening ties with China after years of rollercoaster relations To some, it’s a smart opportunity. To others there are security concerns. But either way, is there a playbook? 14 hrs ago BBC InDepth Two Scots were shot dead in a busy Spanish bar. Holidaymakers are frightened Brits on holiday in the Costa del Sol have been shaken by the murder of two senior underworld figures. 21 hrs ago Scotland 'I begged for help, but only God answered': Growing dangers of pregnancy and childbirth in Gaza Rather than representing the hope of new life, babies in Gaza have come to epitomise the struggle to survive. 1 day ago Middle East Simon Jack: Tariff relief for UK but new clock ticking on US deal If the UK's deal with the US is not finalised by 9 July, the UK's tariff on steel will go back up to 50%. 4 hrs ago Business On the hunt for Tiger, the fugitive linked to illegal South African gold mine where 78 died The BBC tracks down people close to the alleged crime kingpin who escaped custody while awaiting trial. 15 hrs ago Africa The Indian pilot set for a historic space journey on Axiom-4 Shubhanshu Shukla will be only the second Indian to travel to space and the first-ever to visit ISS. 16 hrs ago World Why Labour is strengthening ties with China after years of rollercoaster relations To some, it’s a smart opportunity. To others there are security concerns. But either way, is there a playbook? 14 hrs ago BBC InDepth Most watched 1 Watch: Canada wildfire smoke drifts into US and across the Atlantic 2 Watch: Searching derelict and desolate area in Madeleine McCann case 3 'We are all going to die' - Senator's healthcare comment sparks row 4 Nepal's urban rhinos that won't return to the wild 5 The Today Debate: Israel-Gaza - are we witnessing war crimes? Also in news Vanuatu looks into revoking Andrew Tate's golden passport Tate gained citizenship in the tiny Pacific state under a scheme that has allegedly been abused by criminals. 8 hrs ago Asia Japanese baseball legend Shigeo Nagashima dies aged 89 Known as Mr Giants, Nagashima was one of Japan's most famous sports stars during the 1960s and 70s. 1 day ago Asia Body found in search for stag party Scot missing in Portugal Greg Monks was reported missing in Albufeira last week after travelling to the resort for a stag party. 2 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland India anger over 10-year-old rape victim's death after alleged treatment delay Family members allege that the girl was kept waiting in an ambulance for hours before being admitted to the hospital. 1 day ago Asia Kenyan author prosecuted for writing a book about president's daughter Charlene Ruto accused the author of "misusing" her name by writing the book without seeking her permission. 4 hrs ago Africa Japanese baseball legend Shigeo Nagashima dies aged 89 Known as Mr Giants, Nagashima was one of Japan's most famous sports stars during the 1960s and 70s. 1 day ago Asia TikTok blocks searches for extreme thinness 'skinnytok' hashtag The app acknowledged the viral hashtag had been become linked to "unhealthy weight loss content." 3 hrs ago Technology Tesla is 'not interested' in producing cars in India - minister This is the first time India has publicly admitted that it has not been able to lure investment dollars from Musk. 1 day ago Asia Body found in search for stag party Scot missing in Portugal Greg Monks was reported missing in Albufeira last week after travelling to the resort for a stag party. 2 hrs ago Glasgow & West Scotland Most read 1 Teen TikTok star shot dead after man broke into her home, police say 2 Meghan shares new photos of Lilibet to mark fourth birthday 3 Canada proposes sweeping immigration and security bill 4 Musk calls Trump's tax bill a 'disgusting abomination' 5 South Korea's new president has a Trump-shaped crisis to avert 6 Brits could face death over Bali drugs plot 7 Vanuatu looks into revoking Andrew Tate's golden passport 8 Pornhub pulls out of France over age verification law 9 Deadly mushroom lunch cook tells court she threw up toxic meal 10 The Indian pilot set for a historic space journey on Axiom-4 Sport LIVE French Open: World number 361 Boisson shocks Andreeva to reach semi-finals Wildcard Lois Boisson beats teenage sixth seed Mirra Andreeva in straight sets to reach the French Open semi-finals - follow and listen live. LIVE Jones falls for sparkling 129 but England motoring towards huge total Follow live text, radio commentary and in-play video clips as England face West Indies in the second one-day international in Leicester. Alcaraz storms through to semi-final with Musetti Defending champion Carlos Alcaraz produces a dominant display to sweep past Tommy Paul in straight sets and reach the French Open semi-finals, where he will meet Lorenzo Musetti. 18 hrs ago Tennis How Bazball's baby showed merit in England's thinking Jamie Smith's promotion to England opener may have surprised some but it was the obvious move for Bazball's favourite son. 16 hrs ago Cricket Why time is right for resilient 'Mini Messi' Kirby to end England career Fran Kirby's international career epitomised what resilience, combined with serious talent, can accomplish but the time is right to retire, writes Emma Sanders. 8 hrs ago England Women LIVE Jones falls for sparkling 129 but England motoring towards huge total Follow live text, radio commentary and in-play video clips as England face West Indies in the second one-day international in Leicester. 'I'm not able to give 100%' - Bright out of Euros Chelsea defender Millie Bright makes herself unavailable for selection for England's Euro 2025 squad. 3 hrs ago England Women Man City agree deal to sign AC Milan's Reijnders Manchester City agree £46.3m fee with AC Milan for midfielder Tijjani Reijnders. 5 hrs ago Man City Alcaraz storms through to semi-final with Musetti Defending champion Carlos Alcaraz produces a dominant display to sweep past Tommy Paul in straight sets and reach the French Open semi-finals, where he will meet Lorenzo Musetti. 18 hrs ago Tennis British Broadcasting Corporation Home News Sport Business Innovation Culture Arts Travel Earth Audio Video Live Weather BBC Shop BritBox BBC in other languages Follow BBC on: Terms of Use About the BBC Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Contact the BBC Advertise with us Do not share or sell my info Contact technical support Copyright 2025 BBC. All rights reserved. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach to external linking.