The Stack Overflow Blog - Stack Overflow Blog Loading… The 15th Annual Stack Overflow Developer Survey is open. Take the Survey Everything Productivity Career Advice AI/ML Open Source Business Hub Company Releases Podcast Newsletter Products Stack Overflow for Teams Capture, share, & collaborate on knowledge internally.Advertising Promote your product or service to developers and technologists.Talent Engage the world’s technology talent with your employer brand. From the Network math.stackexchange.com Do all irrational numbers contain each other? Perhaps we could find a super-irrational number that is all numbers and then we can be done with math altogether. workplace.stackexchange.com How to handle a candidate's inappropriate use of 'AI' during an interview? "At what point does AI go from being a tool to being a form of cheating?" puzzling.stackexchange.com What is the maximum number of faces of a cube that you can see at the same time? Try thinking inside the box here. academia.stackexchange.com Least bad time to take an academic break Like most mathematicians and developers, the asker would rather be a carpenter. Featured Not just a vibe, the Stack Overflow Developer Survey is really here This year, we're not just collecting data; we're reflecting on the last year of questions, answers, hallucinations, job changes, tech stacks, memory allocations, models, systems and agents—together. June 4, 2025 If an attacker can edit your mobile code, how do you defend your app? Ryan is joined by Jan Seredynski, Mobile Security Researcher and Pentester at Guardsquare, to talk about how you protect your app when the attackers control the code and the device it runs on. Sponsored securityPartner ContentdebuggingcompilersThe Stack Overflow Podcast Apple Podcasts Overcast Overcast Pocket Casts Spotify RSS feed Releases Strengthening integrations, reliability, and trust: New features for Stack Overflow for Teams The 2025.4 Stack Overflow for Teams Enterprise (SOE) release is all about helping teams work more seamlessly across tools, departments, and knowledge silos. Smarter insights, stronger teams: New features for Stack Overflow for Teams 2025.3 | Teams Enterprise Release Boosting collaboration and control: New features for Stack Overflow for Teams Our latest Enterprise release brings exciting new features designed to enhance collaboration, streamline user management, and expand API capabilities. New year, new features: Level up your Stack Overflow for Teams in 2025 The first release of the year is packed with features to make your knowledge-sharing community better. Latest articles June 3, 2025 Stack Exchange knowledge is for everyone (and now available on Snowflake Marketplace) Snowflake customers can now easily enrich their AI applications and agentic systems with some of the most trusted, highest-quality data available while respecting our community members who provide this content with proper attribution. Janice Manningham, Ryan Donovan 3 comments Companydatapartnership June 2, 2025 Integrating AI agents: Navigating challenges, ensuring security, and driving adoption Positioned at the intersection of automation, decision intelligence, and data orchestration, AI agents are quickly emerging as essential tools for aligning business outcomes with technical workflows. Eira May 0 comments Leaders of codeBusiness HubAIautonomous agentsagentic AIAI agentsintegrations May 28, 2025 A deep dive into building an agent framework for Salesforce We’re always trying to make it easy for users to pick out the information they need and gain insights into their processes, so a natural language interface seemed like a dream. Rajdeep Dua 0 comments Sponsored Partner ContentsalesforceAIAI agents May 26, 2025 WBIT #8: Typescript for gut biomes Kyle is joined by his former colleague Tyler McEntee, now a senior software engineer at Jona, to talk about doing everything all at once at a startup. Ryan Donovan 0 comments We’ll Be In Touchtypescript May 20, 2025 CEO Update: Exploration and experimentation for bold evolution As we envision what the ideal future version of Stack Overflow looks like, we’re committed to engaging with our community. Prashanth Chandrasekar 5 comments ceo quarterly postCompany May 19, 2025 Research roadmap update, May 2025 An update to the research that the User Experience team is running over the next quarter. Piper Lawson 1 comment user researchCompanyCommunity May 15, 2025 Whether AI is a bubble or revolution, how does software survive? Money is pouring into the AI industry. Will software survive the disruption it causes? Ryan Donovan 2 comments AIsoftware developmentdata May 12, 2025 Beyond speed: Measuring engineering success by impact, not velocity If velocity is just a tool and not a goal, how do you measure real success for engineering teams? Phoebe Sajor 2 comments Leaders of codeBusiness Hubsoftware developmentEngineeringvelocitydevelopment velocitymetrics May 8, 2025 Best practices for third-party data acquisition: powering AI context This post explores crucial lessons learned in the trenches of data licensing, drawing insights from Stack Overflow and the growing importance of socially responsible data practices in a changing internet landscape. Ellen Brandenberger, David Gibson 2 comments Business Hubdata May 8, 2025 A new look for what’s next The world has changed a lot since Stack Overflow started. It's time for our brand to change with it. Prashanth Chandrasekar, David Longworth 8 comments Companybrand May 7, 2025 Behind the scenes: Community “management” at Stack Overflow Community “management” at its core is supporting and enabling communities to manage themselves. Rosie 0 comments Community May 5, 2025 The consensus is TypeScript is the easiest way to build on blockchain You might already be familiar with the programming language best suited to building on blockchains. Larkin Young 3 comments Sponsored web3blockchaintypescriptPartner Content May 1, 2025 Without foundational governance, every AI deployment is a liability in disguise: Q&A with Jack Berkowitz of Securiti Avoiding bad data is just as important in AI; it can open you to fines, lawsuits, and lost customers. Ryan Donovan 1 comment securityAIdata April 28, 2025 Banking on innovation: Engineering excellence in regulated financial services Financial institutions face a balancing act between tech innovation and strict regulations. As customer expectations for improved user experience and demands from those tasked with enhancing features keep rising, engineering teams need to find a harmonious middle ground. Katja Skafar, Susi O'Neill 1 comment Leaders of codeBusiness Hubsoftware developmentEngineering April 28, 2025 How self-supervised learning revolutionized natural language processing and gen AI Self-supervised learning is a key advancement that revolutionized natural language processing and generative AI. Here’s how it works and two examples of how it is used to train language models. Cameron R. Wolfe, PhD 6 comments llmAIcontributed April 23, 2025 Community Products roadmap update, April 2025 An update on recent launches and the upcoming roadmap Des Darilek 0 comments roadmapCommunity Show more More Podcast June 3, 2025 In a deterministic simulation, you can debug with time travel May 30, 2025 Getting rid of the pain for developers on Shopify May 29, 2025 Understanding the limitations of AI is crucial for enterprise success Around the web krebsonsecurity.com U.S. sanctions cloud provider ‘Funnull’ as top source of ‘pig butchering’ scams Now do the fake toll bill scams. solarshades.club Dispatch from the trenches of the Butlerian Jihad Before we scorch the sky, can we try pen and paper assignments first? alonso.network The recurring cycle of 'developer replacement' hype Developers are always being replaced...by people who know the tools and make more money. frontiersin.org Street smarts: how a hawk learned to use traffic signals to hunt more successfully Pretty soon they'll be able to solve CAPTCHAs too. codemanship.wordpress.com Five boring things that have a bigger impact than “AI” coding assistants on dev team productivity It may not be all sparkly, but the boring stuff gets things done. futurism.com Zuckerberg says in response to loneliness epidemic, he will create most of your friends using artificial intelligence Do...do these guys not understand friendship? queue.acm.org Manual work is a bug Way back in 2018, Stack Overflow's own Tom Limoncelli was advocating for greater automation in workflows. a16z.com Emerging developer patterns for the AI era How software gets built is changing as AI agents write more code. thecoder.cafe Working on complex systems Understand the difference between complicated and complex, then simplify and manage complexity. theatlantic.com ‘The worst internet-research ethics violation I have ever seen’ The new fallacy: argmentum ad robotum. farmingdale-observer.com Iceland approved the 4-day workweek in 2019: nearly 6 years later, all the predictions made have come true. Til hamingju, Iceland, you've proved the benefits of working less. youtu.be Apple’s widget backdoor Check out an excellent deep dive on what we hope is a patched backdoor. Want updates to your inbox? Every week we’ll share a collection of great questions from our community, news and articles from our blog, and awesome links from around the web. Previous issues Subscribe on Stack Overflow May 28, 2025 Issue 279: Experiments in community We're rocking the mad scientist vibe this week, experimenting in our labs (which sadly do not have enough flasks and beakers). This quarter's CEO update lays out how we're tinkering and toiling to evolve into every developer's third screen. From our researchers, we've got a roadmap update, which dives into the specific experiments that we're running and what we're trying to learn. You can even check out one of those experiments now: Coding challenges are live! XX Turns out that we aren't the only ones trying new ways of doing things. On the podcast, Ben and Eira talk to Christophe Coenraets, SVP of Developer Relations at Salesforce, about how AI agents are changing the CRM game. When you're talking about experiments, you need to talk about safety, too. Our second podcast this week features a conversation about durable execution and making sure your microservices aren't playing in hardcore mode. XX Enough about us—what's everybody else talking about? Well, some folks are looking at the ways that AI is changing how software is being built, while others are saying that real productivity gains come from boring old processes and tech. Yet other people don't want to leave their oven on for the 15 minutes it takes them to prep the recipe. Productivity comes in all sorts of flavors. May 21, 2025 Issue 278: Can software survive AI? Sorry for the jump scare in the title, folks, but this week, we're taking big picture looks at AI and the software industry it supports (or destroys). On the blog, we have a look at the big bets being placed on AI companies and how this could shake out in the long term. For those big companies gobbling up small AI firms, are they ready for AI in revenue-generating production? We chat with Maryam Ashoori, the product leader behind IBM's watsonx. If you're looking to hear about something more fundamental, check out our podcast conversation with self-confessed observability nerd Henrik Rexed on breakpoint debugging in cloud-native applications. In the age of moving fast, does velocity actually measure an org's impact? We expand on our latest Leaders of Code podcast to explore real measures of development work. More? Well, our organic artisanal web crawlers have found a slew of lovely links. Is it true that a cat has the IQ of a toddler? How can you scale an impenetrable wall of jargon? What happened when Iceland moved to a four-day work week? Does your system need all that complexity or is it just complicated? May 14, 2025 Issue 277: Looking for what's next Here at Stack Overflow, we try to keep our community central to what we do. We've got a bunch of products, sure, but the public site has been the core, and we're kicking off efforts to align our brand—the idea of us we present to the world—with all the things we do. Check out the blog and meta post announcing it. To stick with the community theme, our community management department is giving you a peek into what they do all day. XX Besides that, we've had a busy week. Check out why Algorand thinks TypeScript is the best way to build on blockchains. COO of LinearB Dan Lines talks with Ben Matthews and Ben Popper about moving from development velocity to impact. The SO podcast learns about orchestrating microservices. For all you robots afraid we'd skip AI this week, worry not: we chat with Abby Kearns of Alembic about using AI and contact tracing techniques to find which 50% of your marketing budget is worthless. XX Around the network and the web, information is popping (do the kids still say that?). Is AI pushing people into messianic delusions? Do the Middle Earthlings know that Frodo actually botched the job? What do you call those without sin? And did network science predict the next pope? May 7, 2025 Issue 276: Infrastructure two ways Everybody talks about GenAI in terms of prompts and responses, but we're going to focus on the infrastructure and protections that make it happen. In the last of the HumanX podcasts, Ryan chats with SambaNova CEO Rodrigo Liang about reimaging the chipsets behind AI. We have a Q&A with Jack Berkowitz of Securiti about the liabilities—legal and otherwise—posed by bad data. We also chat about GenAI and the other kind of infrastructure—the physical kind used by utilities—with Greg Fallon of Geminus. xx We're also honing in on innovation itself, that mysterious X-factor that turns problems into solutions. Cameron Wolfe shares his take on GenAI's OG innovation, self-supervised learning, and why it made such an impact on natural language processing. In our latest Leaders of Code blog post, we expand on our conversation with Hilary Lanham, Head of Engineering Excellence at Lloyds Banking Group, to look at the ways that innovation puts money in the banks. xx Did you hear that the electrical grids of Spain and Portugal were offline for a whole day? Take a dive into induced atmospheric vibration, the suspected cause, in our Questions section. Plus! The grind of performance optimization! Bot farms shaping the narrative! And war! What is it good for besides technological advancements? LightDarkAuto Stack Overflow for Teams PricingCustomersOur solutionIntegrationsFeaturesCustomer SuccessSecurityReturn on Investment (ROI) OverflowAI Available on Enterprise. Try freeLog in Use casesEngineersData ScientistsDevOps & SRESupportProduct Managment ResourcesProductivityAI/MLGuides and InsightsCustomer Academy FAQHelp center Stack Overflow Advertising Why Stack Overflow?What to expect Advertise to developersAttract tech talent Post a job Powered by Indeed Use casesMarketing TeamsEmployer Branding TeamsDevRel TeamsTalent TeamsTechnology TeamsAgencies ResourcesProduct guides & insightsCommunity insightsAdvertising best practicesTalent best practices Company Knowledge Solutions Data licensing offering to build and improve AI tools and models. AboutLeadershipSocial ImpactPressCareersOpen positionsContact usPartnerships BlogNewsletterPodcastLabsAnnual Developer Survey Site design / logo © 2025 Stack Exchange Inc. User contributions licensed under CC BY-SA. TermsPrivacy policyCookie policy Your Privacy Choices Go to stackoverflow.com