History Today | The World’s Leading Serious History Magazine Skip to main content User menu logged out Subscribe Sign in Subscription Offers Give a Gift Enter your keywords Subscribe Search Toggle navigation Main menu Home The Magazine Subscribe Buy the Current Issue Explore the Digital Archive Institutions Reviews Sign in Mini header menu Search Magazine Latest Subscribe Subscribe HEAD TO HEAD Why Did Rome Fall? When it comes to the end of the Roman Empire three things are certain: death, taxes, and Goths. Were reports of its demise exaggerated? History Today FEATURE The Black Chamber: Opening Europe’s Post In the febrile political climate of early modern Europe, letters – and the information they contained – were dangerous. Notorious ‘black chambers’ turned postmasters into spies. Rachel Midura FEATURE The Hidden Diary of Samuel Pepys When Samuel Pepys’ diary was first published 200 years ago it was an instant hit, but rumours soon spread about what had been cut and why. Kate Loveman HISTORY MATTERS Thatcher’s Wordsmiths Margaret Thatcher struggled to write her own speeches. Who put the words in her mouth? Tom Hurst FEATURE Medieval Queen by Grace of God Queenship was transformed in the early Middle Ages, as power came to be derived not just from marriage, but from God. Florence Scott Today’s featured articles Feature Peter the Great's Special Book The reforming Tsar sought to westernise his empire, yet in 1723 he published an uncompromising reassertion of his absolutist doctrine, which has traditionally marked Russia’s national consciousness. Antony Lentin Feature Who Gained from Thomas Paine? Thomas Paine inspired and witnessed the revolutions that gave birth to the United States and destroyed the French monarchy. A genuinely global figure, he anticipated modern ideas on human rights, atheism and rationalism. David Nash Feature Curbing the Power of the Popes The survival of the papacy has always been dependent on a precarious balancing act between the pope’s religious and secular powers. Jessica Wärnberg Most recent Review ‘The Illegals’ by Shaun Waker review The Illegals: Russia’s Most Audacious Spies and the Plot to Infiltrate the West by Shaun Walker sheds light on the Soviet Union’s undercover intelligence gathering. History Matters Thatcher’s Wordsmiths Margaret Thatcher struggled to write her own speeches. Who put the words in her mouth? Review ‘America, América’ by Greg Grandin review America, América: A New History of the New World by Greg Grandin finds a place for Latin America and its ideals in the story of the United States. Head to Head Why Did Rome Fall? When it comes to the end of the Roman Empire three things are certain: death, taxes, and Goths. Were reports of its demise exaggerated? Review ‘The Sun Rising’ by Anna Whitelock review The Sun Rising: James I and the Dawn of a Global Britain by Anna Whitelock offers a panoramic view of Jacobean foreign policy. History Matters Politicising Abortion in the United States In 19th-century America abortion was weaponised as part of a culture war. Review ‘The World of the Cold War: 1945-1991’ by Vladislav Zubok review In The World of the Cold War: 1945-1991 Vladislav Zubok argues that circumstance rather than ideology shaped the clash between communism and capitalism. Feature Medieval Queen by Grace of God Queenship was transformed in the early Middle Ages, as power came to be derived not just from marriage, but from God. More Articles Current issue Image In the June issue: Censoring Samuel Pepys, Victorian creationism, Nasser and the Muslim Brotherhood, early modern espionage in the Black Chamber, and early medieval queens. Plus: reviews, opinion, crossword and much more! You can buy this issue from our website, from newsstands across the UK, or read it as a digital edition via the History Today App. Popular Articles Thatcher’s Wordsmiths Why Did Rome Fall? ‘America, América’ by Greg Grandin review War and Wilderness: British Soldiers in Revolutionary America The Maid Who Restored Charles II ‘Hitler’s Deserters’ by Douglas Carl Peifer review ALTERNATIVE HISTORIES Recent issues Volume 75 Issue 6 June 2025 Samuel Pepys, Victorian dinosaurs, the Black Chamber Volume 75 Issue 5 May 2025 VE Day, The Fall of Saigon, Merovingians Volume 75 Issue 4 April 2025 Mesopotamia, Buchenwald, Brahmins Volume 75 Issue 3 March 2025 Peasants’ War, Reconquista, Tokyo Firebombing See All Back Issues Buy Back Issues X Get Miscellanies, our free weekly long read, in your inbox every week Footer menu About Masthead Contact Jobs Advertising RSS feeds Submit an Article Back Issues Binders Cookie policy Awards Students Privacy policy Terms of Use X Instagram Bluesky Facebook © Copyright 2025 History Today Ltd. Company no. 1556332.