Scroll.in - Latest News, In depth news, India news, Politics news, Indian Cinema, Indian sports, Culture, Video News

  
 Newsletters Gift Membership Become a member Subscribe Get app Sign in Take Scroll With You Download the app to read our award-winning journalism on the go and stay up-to-date with our notifications. Get the app ANDROID iOS Gift Membership Home Common Ground The India Fix Eco India The Latest The Reel Magazine Video Trending Scheduled Caste panel issues notice after Telangana IAS officer asks students to clean toilets After demolitions in Delhi’s Madrasi Camp, Tamil Nadu offers support to families White roofs can cool down homes – but scaling up this simple solution is a challenge Bengaluru: Several feared dead in stampede during IPL victory celebrations, say reports How colleges in India bribe assessors to get higher grades Making law practice a condition for civil judge candidates will hurt India’s justice system Why RSS outfit members are at centre of a Rs 14-crore scam at ICHR What South Mumbai should actually look like A new book examines caste privilege and how it has shaped – and limited – India after liberalisation Census 2027 to be held in two phases, caste data to be included In Hyderabad, the international style of art deco reveals itself in homes, with personal touches Interview: The photographic memory of a Goan who transcended the colonial gaze Sections Politics Culture India World Film and TV Music Books and Ideas Business and Economy Science and Technology In Pictures Announcements Bookshop The Field Pulse Elections 2024 Support Scroll We rely on readers like you to stay free and fearless. Become a Scroll Member to help us keep going – and get access to new features, including newsletters and invite-only events. Become A Member Cover Story In the spotlight How colleges in India bribe assessors to get higher grades Johanna Deeksha · 13 hours ago Editor's Picks Top stories of the day See all Making law practice a condition for civil judge candidates will hurt India’s justice system 11 hours ago A new book examines caste privilege and how it has shaped – and limited – India after liberalisation 11 hours ago ‘Stolen’ review: A gross misunderstanding leads to a white-knuckle experience 10 hours ago Showcase Best of Scroll Want more video stories from Scroll? Help us build a studio Watch: Why workers at an Adani power plant in Jharkhand went on a strike Three attacks are a reminder that caste tensions still simmer in Tamil Nadu ‘Homebound’ director Neeraj Ghaywan: ‘What if we practise empathy and listen to the other side?’ Ruined reputation, deep debt: How the British treated an Iranian governor exiled in Pune All Stories News. Politics. Sports. Culture. Livestock is out grazing the majestic wild goat in the Kashmir Himalayas Known for its spiral horns, the species is listed as ‘near threatened’. Hirra Azmat · 31 minutes ago Translated fiction: A wave of nationalism sweeps over a languorous French colony in Kerala An excerpt from ‘On The Banks of the Mayyazhi’, by M Mukundan, translated from the Malayalam by Gita Krishnankutty. M Mukundan & Gita Krishnankutty · 2 hours ago New picture books for children: An introduction to the Malayalam alphabet and Krishna in Indian art An excerpt from ‘Davina Finds Her Vowels: A Book of Malayalam Vowels’, by Elizabeth Keyton and ‘Neel: Krishna Through Art’, by Vineeta and Arvind Kanoria. Elizabeth Keyton , Vineeta Kanoria & Arvind Kanoria · 6 hours ago Trending See all Scheduled Caste panel issues notice after Telangana IAS officer asks students to clean toilets Yesterday · 10:37 am After demolitions in Delhi’s Madrasi Camp, Tamil Nadu offers support to families Jun 02, 2025 · 12:15 pm White roofs can cool down homes – but scaling up this simple solution is a challenge Yesterday · 06:30 am Bengaluru: Several feared dead in stampede during IPL victory celebrations, say reports An hour ago How colleges in India bribe assessors to get higher grades 13 hours ago See all from Trending What South Mumbai should actually look like Mustansir Dalvi reimagines a beloved part of his city – the central spine from Crawford Market to Gateway of India – as a pedestrian precinct. Mustansir Dalvi · 8 hours ago ‘Stolen’ review: A gross misunderstanding leads to a white-knuckle experience Karan Tejpal’s action thriller is out on Prime Video. Nandini Ramnath · 10 hours ago Making law practice a condition for civil judge candidates will hurt India’s justice system The Supreme Court ruling on this does not address the problems with judicial recruitment exams and will discourage aspirants from marginalised groups. Shivam Kaushik · 11 hours ago Video See all Video: The crisis of constitutional governance in Assam Jun 01, 2025 · 02:30 pm Interview: Why Bangladesh army is angry with Yunus and his interim government May 29, 2025 · 07:30 pm Eco India: Could happy and healthy hens make eggs taste better? May 25, 2025 · 08:55 am Eco India, Episode 289: Why animal welfare is the missing key to environmental health May 24, 2025 · 03:25 pm Video: Is Ali Khan Mahmudabad’s peace appeal seditious? May 21, 2025 · 02:00 pm See all from Video Take Scroll With You Download the app to read our award-winning journalism on the go and stay up-to-date with our notifications. Get the app ANDROID iOS Ad