Foreign Policy – the Global Magazine of News and Ideas There appears to be a technical issue with your browser This issue is preventing our website from loading properly. Please review the following troubleshooting tips or contact us at [email protected]. Close Skip to navigation Skip to search Skip to main content Skip to footer Foreign Policy Get analysis and alerts more quickly in the mobile app. Install Show expanded website navigation Back to Foreign Policy Magazine home page Latest Regions Asia & the Pacific China Middle East & Africa Americas Europe Newsletters By submitting your email, you agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to receive email correspondence from us. You may opt out at any time. Enter your email Sign Up World Brief Your guide to the most important world stories of the day Africa Brief Essential analysis of the stories shaping geopolitics on the continent China Brief The latest news, analysis, and data from the country each week Situation Report Weekly update on what’s driving U.S. national security policy Editors’ Picks Evening roundup with our editors’ favorite stories of the day Latin America Brief One-stop digest of politics, economics, and culture South Asia Brief Weekly update on developments in India and its neighbors The Reading List Curated guides on geopolitics and current affairs View All Newsletters FP Live Latest Trending: Trump vs Harvard Russia-Ukraine war Spheres of Influence Website Search and Account Management Search Icon Search this website Search Search Preferences My FP Feed Saved Articles Newsletters Magazine Archive Subscription Settings FAQs Log Out Sign In Sign In 10% off Gifts 10% off Gifts Group Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Subscribe Subscribe 10% off Gifts 10% off Gifts Show expanded website navigation Back to Foreign Policy Magazine home page Preferences My FP Feed Saved Articles Newsletters Magazine Archive Subscription Settings FAQs Log Out Sign In Sign In 10% off Gifts 10% off Gifts Group Subscriptions Group Subscriptions Subscribe Subscribe 10% off Gifts 10% off Gifts Latest Newsletters World Brief Editors’ Picks Africa Brief China Brief Latin America Brief South Asia Brief Situation Report The Reading List FP Weekend See All Topics Trump’s second term Shadow government War in Ukraine Crisis in the Middle East U.S. foreign policy Trade and economics U.S.-China competition Artificial intelligence Regions Asia & the Pacific China Middle East & Africa Americas Europe FP Live How Gen Z Thinks About Foreign Policy June 4 The Future of War June 9 See All Podcasts Illustration with Adam Tooze headshot on a green background with the text Ones & Tooze Ones and Tooze Illustration with a male spy headshot and the text I Spy I Spy FP Live podcast logo Foreign Policy Live See All Magazine Spring 2025 Issue Spring 2025 Issue Print Archive See All FP Analytics In-depth Special Reports Issue Briefs Power Maps and Interactive Microsites FP Simulations & PeaceGames Synthesis Reports Insight Briefs & Spotlights Graphics Database See All Events The Catch @ UNOC3 June 11 FP at NATO’s 76th Summit June 23 The Rebuilding of the Russian Army June 23 FP @ UNGA80 September 23 FP @ COP30 November 12 See All Search Search Icon Additional Navigation Bluesky icon Follow FP on Bluesky X icon Follow FP on X LinkedIn icon Follow FP on LinkedIn Instagram icon Follow FP on Instagram Facebook icon Follow FP on Facebook FP SOLUTIONS FP Analytics FP Events FP Studios Simulations and Peacegames Advertise with FP Country Reports Subscription Services Your FP Account Group Subscriptions Reprint Permissions FP Magazine Archive Buy Back Issues EDUCATION Graduate Education Guide FP for Education Institutional Access ABOUT FP Writer's Guidelines Meet the Staff Work at FP Contact FP Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms of Use Accessibility Bluesky icon Follow FP on Bluesky X icon Follow FP on X LinkedIn icon Follow FP on LinkedIn Instagram icon Follow FP on Instagram Facebook icon Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents (c) 2025, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Powered by WordPress VIP Foreign Policy Magazine - home page TRUMP’S SECOND TERM: FP’s ongoing updates Primary featured article section An illustration shows a pixelated U.S. flag on a glitchy background. Brave New Techno-Nationalist World The Trump administration is rapidly reshaping the global digital order. Argument | Tobias Feakin, Adam Segal A student waits during the Huazhong University of Science and Technology graduation ceremony in a sports stadium in Wuhan, China. Trump’s Student Visa Crackdown Could Be a Boon for China Beijing has long been eager to woo back top tech and AI talent. Analysis | Christina Lu A big banner depicting Iran’s Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is placed next to a ballistic missile in Baharestan Square in Tehran, Iran, on September 26, 2024. Iran Isn’t as Weak as It Seems If nuclear talks fail, a war with Iran could follow—but it wouldn’t be a cakewalk. Argument | Mohsen Milani Karol Nawrocki, presidential candidate of the Law and Justice Party (PiS), gestures to supporters following the Polish presidential runoff election in Warsaw, Poland, on June 1. Poland’s Election Is A Wake-Up Call to Europe’s Centrists Voters across the continent are demanding change from governments seen as corrupt and stuck. Analysis | Armida van Rij At 50, ECOWAS Must Reform Argument | Bola Ahmed Tinubu June 4, 2025, 7:00 AM Tanzania Dials Up Repression Ahead of Elections Africa Brief | Nosmot Gbadamosi June 4, 2025, 1:00 AM Why Do Americans Mispronounce ‘Xi Jinping’? China Brief | James Palmer June 3, 2025, 6:08 PM Trump and Netanyahu Were Marching in Lockstep—Until They Weren’t Analysis | Aaron David Miller, Lauren Morganbesser June 3, 2025, 3:57 PM Asia & the Pacific A supporter of Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) holds India's national flag in Srinagar on July 25, 2022. Can India Finally Grab Its Trade Moment? Argument | Sanjay Kathuria Pressure Mounts in Bangladesh Do Good Fences Actually Make Good Neighbors? Taiwan Is Getting Serious About Self-Defense China An excavator works in Urumqi Cultural Park in Urumqi, China, on Dec. 24, 2024. International Hotel Giants Are Profiting Despite Genocide in Xinjiang Argument | Peter Irwin, Henryk Szadziewski Beijing’s Play for Sandy Cay American Far-Right Views Are Welcome in China Trump’s Attacks on Harvard Cause Alarm in China Middle East & Africa A woman in a black dress and headscarf sits with her three children on a couch in front of a opaque white lace curtain, backlit by the bright light streaming through the fabric. The children appear to range in age from roughly 4 years old to roughly 10 years old. Syria’s Missing Children Dispatch | Andrei Popoviciu The False Binary at the Heart of Trump’s Iran Strategy The ‘Water Mafia’ Is Real—and It’s Draining Iran Dry How Trump Is Helping Washington’s Foes in Africa Europe An illustration depicts Vladimir Putin holding up a hand of playing cards Putin Is a Gambler, not a Grand Master Essay | Anastasia Edel How Russia Responds to Ukraine’s Drone Attack Why Does Russia Propose Cease-Fires It Won’t Uphold? The West Is Strong—and in Sequins Americas Former U.S. President Gerald Ford sitting at his desk in the Oval Office at the White House. On the desk is a stack of papers and a pair of glasses. The Never-Used Law That Might Be Trump’s Next Tariff Gambit Analysis | Keith Johnson Big Tech Is Part of Trump’s Attack on the Global Order Haiti Is Burning, but There Is a Path Forward America’s Latest Problem: A Three-Way Nuclear Race Audio Picks Listen to these featured articles First Lady Nancy Reagan rests her head against her husband, U.S. President Ronald Reagan, as he praised her during a luncheon in New Orleans on 15 Aug. 1988. Analysis What Ronald Reagan Can Teach Democrats in 2025 By Julian E. Zelizer Donald Trump supporters climb the Peace Monument memorial in front of the U.S. Capitol Essay Does the United States Need a More Militant Democracy? By Suzanne Nossel U.S. President Donald Trump attends the U.N. Climate Action Summit at U.N. headquarters in New York, on Sept. 23, 2019. Argument The Realist Case for Global Rules By Stephen M. Walt An illustration shows Trump from above and behind walking away with six views of the globe behind him. Essay Spheres of Influence Are Not the Answer By Sarang Shidore Collections-AI-Homepage-1000x400-Yellow-#FAD863 The AI Arms Race As competition heats up between the U.S. and China, the second release of FP Collections provides the full picture on the battle for AI supremacy. To download the collection, subscribe today. explore now FP Weekend President Franklin D. Roosevelt waves as he speaks to a crowd in Chicago. How FDR Invented National Security A presidential speech in 1937 marked an unexpected turn in U.S. strategic thought. Excerpt | Andrew Preston Four women holding guns sit and stand in in a stone-walled shelter. The Secret Newspapers That Helped Defeat Fascism Excerpt | Suzanne Cope A statue of Karl Marx wearing a red scarf on a blue background. Karl Marx’s American Boom Review | Gregory Jones-Katz Protesters wave K-pop light sticks as they take part in a protest against the president outside the National Assembly on Dec. 8, 2024 in Seoul, South Korea. South Korean Women Are Powerful—and Powerless The Full Story | Hawon Jung Trump’s Second Term U.S. President Donald Trump is greeted by children as he arrives for in Abu Dhabi on May 15. Updates: Trump’s Foreign-Policy Shifts Reports and analysis from staff and contributors. U.S. President Donald Trump speaks during a swearing-in ceremony for interim U.S. Attorney for Washington, D.C., Jeanine Pirro in the Oval Office of the White House in Washington on May 28. Trump’s Choice on Iran Syrian people attend an event called "Aleppo, the Key to Victory," in Aleppo, Syria, on May 27. It’s Not That Easy to Lift Sanctions on Syria A motorcycle cart carries people and belongings along a dirt road in central Gaza. Trump Could Put Gaza on a Better Path With One Tweet Iranians pass by anti-American murals painted on the walls of the former U.S. embassy in Tehran, Iran on April 16. Why a Maximalist Approach to Iran Talks Won’t Work Trump's silhouette is seen before a U.S. flag. America Still Has a ‘Values-Based’ Foreign Policy A ship plies the icy waters off Greenland. Trump’s Greenland Obsession Will Not Secure America Shadow-government-democrats-blue-cutout-3-2 SHADOW GOVERNMENT: The view from the Democratic opposition In the Magazine Current Issue: Spring 2025 | Archives The Spring 2025 print cover of Foreign Policy magazine featuring the words Billionaire Rule. An illustration shows a golden Cybertruck blasting through a U.S. seal of an eagle holding arrows and laurel. Is America a Kleptocracy? Here’s how life could change for the rich, poor, and everyone in between. Essay | Jodi Vittori An illustration shows a golden Newtons cradle with Elon Musk depicted on the one at left and sending a globe-motif ball swinging at right. Elon Musk’s First Principles The world’s richest man wants to apply the rules of physics to politics. What could go wrong? Essay | Adam Tooze Did China Get Billionaires Right? Essay | James Palmer The Deep Roots of Oligarchy Essay | Priya Satia How Modi and Trump Treat Billionaires Differently Essay | James Crabtree The Shape-Shifting MAGA Hat Essay | Megan DuBois Subscribers’ Picks Vladimir Putin attends a wreath laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier just outside the Kremlin in Moscow on June 22, 2012. Russia Has Started Losing the War in Ukraine The military tide may have turned against Putin. Argument | Michael Kimmage A woman carrying a large gun walks through a factory with a Turkish flag in the background. Turkish Guns Are Taking Over the U.S. Market They’re cheap, popular, and spreading beyond borders. Analysis | Naomi Cohen U.S. Marines take part in the international military exercise Cold Response 22 near Sandstrand in northern Norway on March 21, 2022. A Russia-NATO War Would Look Nothing Like Ukraine Moscow will seek to avoid a full-on war and focus on breaking the bloc’s resolve. Analysis | Fabian Hoffmann A man in a uniform carries an American flag along a beach. How America Blew Its Unipolar Moment An international order founded not on institutions but on hegemonic benevolence proved impossible to sustain. Argument | Max Bergmann FP Live Events Join in-depth conversations and interact with foreign-policy experts. Upcoming | Past | Insider Access | About TOPSHOT - Anti-gun demonstrators protest at the Tennessee Capitol for stricter gun laws in Nashville, Tennessee, on April 3, 2023. - Students were encouraged by an anti-gun violence group to walk out of classrooms at 10:13 AM, the same time police say a transgender person entered The Covenant School beginning an attack in which three young children and three adults were killed last week at a private Christian school in Nashville. (Photo by John Amis / AFP) (Photo by JOHN AMIS/AFP via Getty Images) June 4, 2025 | 12:00pm ET How Gen Z Thinks About Foreign Policy Kyla Scanlon, who has been dubbed the “economic advisor for Gen Z,” will join FP's Ravi Agrawal for a wide-ranging discussion on world affairs. Register Ask a Question Ask a Question By signing up, I agree to the Privacy Policy and Terms of Use and to occasionally receive special offers from Foreign Policy. Email ✓ Registered | Ask a Question Ask a Question | Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Only FP subscribers can submit questions for FP Live interviews. Subscribe ALREADY AN FP SUBSCRIBER? LOGIN Full conversation Full conversation Full conversation Full conversation Full conversation FP Insider logo Subscribe for access to exclusive articles, insights, and more Several children pop out from behind a man and woman as they stand on a stage. Fact-Checking ‘The Sound of Music’ as It Turns 60 Insider | Cameron Abadi, Adam Tooze U.S. President Donald Trump shakes hands with Saudi Crown Prince Mohammed bin Salman in Riyadh on May 13, amid a multi-nation tour of the Gulf region. Is Trump Transforming America’s Middle East Policy? Insider | Ravi Agrawal U.S. President Donald Trump and Qatari Emir Tamim bin Hamad Al Thani attend a signing ceremony at the Amiri Diwan in Doha, Qatar, the official workplace of the emir, on May 14. Is Qatar’s Shiny Plane a White Elephant? Insider | Cameron Abadi, Adam Tooze Books A man wearing a VR headset smiles and poses as he records himself under a large Apple logo on a store behind him. How China Captured Apple A giant firm and a superpower have become deeply entangled. Review | Bob Davis The book cover for Merz by Mariam Lau. Can Friedrich Merz Save Conservatism? Review | John Kampfner The book cover for Zbig: The Life of Zbigniew Brzezinski, America’s Great Power Prophet by Edward Luce Where Have All the Geostrategists Gone? Review | Theodore Bunzel Elon-Musk-books Elon Musk Was Donald Trump’s Useful Idiot Analysis | Gideon Lichfield The book cover for Let Only Red Flowers Bloom by Emily Feng. A Thousand Ways of Being Chinese Review | Gina Anne Tam The book cover for Abundance by Ezra Klein and Derek Thompson. What Abundance Lacks Review | Isabella Weber A grid of rectangles shows 12 fiction book covers. The Novels We’re Reading in May Books | Allison Meakem, Chloe Hadavas In Case You Missed It A selection of paywall-free articles A drawn illustration of a Trump whirlwind on a red background Four Explanatory Models for Trump’s Chaos It’s clear that the second Trump administration is aiming for change—not inertia—in U.S. foreign policy. Analysis | Emma Ashford An illustration shows The Thinker statue cut in half with a chainsaw resting next to it. Efficiency Isn’t Everything Argument | Yamini Aiyar, Dan Honig A seated man wearing glasses and a suit. Samuel Huntington Is Getting His Revenge Essay | Nils Gilman An illustration shows a golden Cybertruck blasting through a U.S. seal of an eagle holding arrows and laurel. Is America a Kleptocracy? Essay | Jodi Vittori An illustration shows a line of large shopping carts facing down a small Donald Trump figure holding two shopping bags. The stars of China's flag are in the upper left corner. Why Beijing Thinks It Can Beat Trump Analysis | Scott Kennedy Soldiers from various NATO allies take part in a military exercise at the Smardan Training Area in Smardan, Romania, on Feb. 19. America Will Miss Europe’s Dependence When It’s Gone Argument | Edward Lucas An illustrations shows the silhouette of Donald Trump with a face filled with pricetags. Trump Is Ushering In a More Transactional World Essay | Ravi Agrawal Trending Putin Is a Gambler, not a Grand Master Essay | Anastasia Edel How Russia Responds to Ukraine’s Drone Attack Depends on Trump Q&A | John Haltiwanger Brave New Techno-Nationalist World Argument | Tobias Feakin, Adam Segal Iran Isn’t as Weak as It Seems Argument | Mohsen Milani Trump and Netanyahu Were Marching in Lockstep—Until They Weren’t Analysis | Aaron David Miller, Lauren Morganbesser The Never-Used Law That Might Be Trump’s Next Tariff Gambit Analysis | Keith Johnson It’s Not That Easy to Lift Sanctions on Syria Argument | Delaney Simon Haiti Is Burning, but There Is a Path Forward Argument | Christopher Sabatini, Robert Greenhill Visual Stories Several men carry a coffin draped in an ornate green cloth as they walk down rocky steps past a stream in a lush landscape. One man at the end of the group holds an umbrella. The Kashmiris Caught in the Crossfire Those in the disputed region bear the cost of the India-Pakistan conflict. Dispatch | Fahad Shah A closeup of a girl holding a device to prick her fingertip. Trump’s Aid Freeze Is Undermining His Immigration Policy Colombia relied on U.S. funding to support Venezuelan migrants. Now, many are on the brink of survival. Analysis | Christina Noriega Latest At 50, ECOWAS Must Reform June 4, 2025 Iran Isn’t as Weak as It Seems June 4, 2025 Tanzania Dials Up Repression Ahead of Elections June 4, 2025 Brave New Techno-Nationalist World June 4, 2025 Why Do Americans Mispronounce ‘Xi Jinping’? June 3, 2025 See All Stories Loading graphics Footer navigation Back to Foreign Policy Magazine home page Bluesky icon Follow FP on Bluesky X icon Follow FP on X LinkedIn icon Follow FP on LinkedIn Instagram icon Follow FP on Instagram Facebook icon Follow FP on Facebook FP SOLUTIONS FP Analytics FP Events FP Studios Simulations and Peacegames Advertise with FP Country Reports Subscription Services Your FP Account Group Subscriptions Reprint Permissions FP Magazine Archive Buy Back Issues EDUCATION Graduate Education Guide FP for Education Institutional Access ABOUT FP Writer's Guidelines Meet the Staff Work at FP Contact FP Privacy Policy Do Not Sell My Personal Information Terms of Use Accessibility Bluesky icon Follow FP on Bluesky X icon Follow FP on X LinkedIn icon Follow FP on LinkedIn Instagram icon Follow FP on Instagram Facebook icon Follow FP on Facebook Foreign Policy Magazine is a division of Graham Holdings Company. All contents (c) 2025, Graham Digital Holding Company. All rights reserved. Foreign Policy, 655 15th St NW, Suite 300, Washington, DC, 20005. Powered by WordPress VIP