World History Encyclopedia Facebook Membership No ads ❯ Encyclopedia Index Timeline Maps Book Reviews Weights & Measures Translations Education Teaching Materials Link Database Quizzes Primary Sources Collections School Subscription Media Media Library Audio Articles Podcast Youtube Channel Contribute Submissions Needed Content Style Guide Terms & Conditions Volunteer Donate Shop Books Map Posters Magazines Wall Charts Clothing About About Our Team Editorial Policy Annual Reports Membership Contact Login Login Register World History Encyclopedia Latest Content Featured Article Article Michelangelo's Sistine Chapel Ceiling In 1508 CE the Pope commissioned the celebrated Florentine sculptor and painter Michelangelo (1475-1564 CE) to paint scenes on the ceiling of the Vatican's... Featured Image Image Map of the United States Under the Compromise of 1850 This map illustrates the situation in the United States n 1850, as the country faced growing sectional tension over the expansion of slavery into new... Free for the World, Supported by You World History Encyclopedia is a non-profit organization. Please support free history education for millions of learners worldwide for only $5 per month by becoming a member. Thank you! World History Encyclopedia is a non-profit organization. Please support free history education for millions of learners worldwide for only $5 per month by becoming a member. Thank you! Become a Member Donate Definition Albert Sidney Johnston - The Highest-Ranking General Killed in the US Civil War Albert Sidney Johnston (1803-1862) was the commander of the Confederate western armies in the early months of the American Civil War (1861-1865). Over... Definition J. E. B. Stuart - The Cavalier of the Confederacy James Ewell Brown Stuart (1833-1864), better known by his initials as J. E. B. Stuart, was a Confederate cavalry general during the American Civil War... Article Emperor Titus' Sole Mistake - A Mysterious Deathbed Confession A little over two years into his imperial administration, the Roman emperor Titus (r. 79-81 CE) and a retinue of followers traveled to the Sabine countryside... Definition Russian Revolution of 1905 The Russian Revolution of 1905 challenged the absolute power of Tsar Nicholas II (reign 1894-1917) as ruler of the Russian Empire. Bloody Sunday in... Definition Philip Sidney - The Gentleman-Poet of Elizabethan England Sir Philip Sidney (1554-1586) was an English poet, scholar, soldier, and courtier, one of the most prominent figures at the court of Queen Elizabeth... Article Reverend James Drummond MacGregor's Letter to a Clergyman - Urging Him to Set Free a Black Girl He Held in Slavery James Drummond MacGregor (1759-1830) was a Presbyterian minister in Pictou, Nova Scotia, who became the first published abolitionist in Canada through... Definition Grigori Rasputin Grigori Rasputin (1869-1916) was a self-styled holy man and faith healer from Siberia who ingratiated himself with the family of Tsar Nicholas II (reign... Article Former Slave Narratives from Canada - "I thought it best to come to Canada and live as I pleased." Enslaved Blacks in the United States, seeking freedom, often fled to Canada, especially after the Fugitive Slave Act of 1850 compelled citizens in free... Article Ellen and William Craft's Escape Through Canada - The Challenges of Racial Prejudice Among the most daring escapes from slavery in the United States in the 19th century was the flight of Ellen and William Craft from the slave state of... Definition Christopher Marlowe - Poet, Playwright, Spy Christopher Marlowe (1564-1593), or Kit Marlowe, was a poet and playwright of the English Renaissance who wrote during the Elizabethan Era (1558-1603... Definition Bloody Sunday in 1905 - The Massacre at the Tsar's Winter Palace Bloody Sunday on 22 January 1905 was the massacre of peaceful and unarmed protestors by soldiers outside the Winter Palace in St. Petersburg, Russia... Definition Passmore Williamson - Liberator and Celebrity Prisoner Passmore Williamson (1822-1895) was a Quaker abolitionist, successful businessman, and member of the Underground Railroad in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania... Definition Timur - The Brutal Conqueror of Central Asia Timur (1336-1405), also known as Tamerlane, Temür, or Timur Leng, was the founder of the Timurid Empire (1370-1507), which had its heartlands in modern-day... Article The Liberation of Jane Johnson - Her Famous Escape and Court Testimony Jane Johnson (circa 1814/1827-1872) and her two young sons, Daniel and Isaiah, were slaves of one John Hill Wheeler of North Carolina, who brought them... Definition U-Boat - Germany's Submarines of WWI & WWII The U-boat, short for Unterseeboot (undersea boat), was the name for submarines used by the German Navy during the First World War (1914-18) and Second... Article William "Box" Peel Jones' Escape From Slavery - Primary Narrative and Frederick Douglass' Complaint William "Box" Peel Jones was an enslaved African American who, in 1859, was shipped in a box from an unknown location to the home of the abolitionist... About Us We are a non-profit organization publishing the world's most read history encyclopedia. Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide. Learn More Media Library Explore our Media Library with 21,226 images, videos, and 3D models. View Media Library Awards History delivered to you once a week: Are you a...? History Enthusiast Teacher Student Librarian Statistics 2,811 definitions 1,600 articles 18,296 illustrations 2,517 videos 413 3D images 10,857 translations 1,107 contributors 36,629 registered users History Maps We publish wall posters of historical maps. Check them out! Visit Our Map Shop Numerous educational institutions recommend us, including Oxford University. Our publication has been reviewed for educational use by Common Sense Education, Internet Scout (University of Wisconsin), Merlot (California State University), OER Commons and the School Library Journal. Please note that some of these recommendations are listed under our old name, Ancient History Encyclopedia. Our Mission Our mission is to engage people with cultural heritage and to improve history education worldwide. Follow Us Facebook About • Contact • Sponsorship • In Memoriam • Privacy Policy • Partners • Supporters • Newsletter • Settings World History Foundation is a 501(c)3 charity registered in the United States. World History Publishing is a non-profit organization registered in the United Kingdom. World History Foundation is a non-profit organization registered in Québec, Canada. Some Rights Reserved (2009-2025) under Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike license unless otherwise noted. The World History Encyclopedia logo is a registered trademark. Featured Partner