Organized Crime and Corruption Reporting Project | OCCRP Our Projects Our Reporting All Investigations All Scoops All Features All News About About OCCRP Our Team Our Global Network Global Anti-Corruption Consortium Accomplice Program Impact Annual Reports Awards Supporters Board of Directors Corrections Policy FAQs - Funding and Editorial Policies Resources for Journalists OCCRP ID – Research Desk OCCRP Aleph – Data Platform Donate Organized Crime Asset Seizures Cartels Fraud Laundromats Drugs Smuggling All Organized Crime Corruption Embezzlement Sanctions Busting COVID 19 Election-rigging All Corruption Regions Russia United States United Arab Emirates Azerbaijan Europe All Regions Resources for Journalists OCCRP Aleph Explore Datasets OCCRP ID Get Help Researching Your Story OCCRP About Us Our Team Global Network Global Anti-Corruption Consortium Subscribe to our Newsletter Accomplice Program Announcements Impact FAQ on OCCRP's Funding and Editorial Policies Features All Projects Leak to OCCRP Bypassing Censorship See all results Matching Results See all results OCCRP About Us Our Team Global Network Global Anti-Corruption Consortium Subscribe to our Newsletter Accomplice Program Announcements Impact FAQ on OCCRP's Funding and Editorial Policies Features All Projects Leak to OCCRP Bypassing Censorship Donate Get quality reporting directly into your inbox, every week Subscribe to our newsletter: Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy en ru Still, We Report Dubai Unlocked Russian Asset Tracker Scam Empire Ukraine Russia Georgia Jun 2, 2025 EXCLUSIVE: Influencer Andrew Tate got Vanuatu Passport Around Time of Arrest on Rape Charges Andrew Tate, the so-called “king of toxic masculinity" was granted a golden passport by the South Pacific nation while under high-profile investigation in Romania. Tate now faces charges in the United Kingdom as well. He denies any wrongdoing. News EXCLUSIVE: Alleged ‘Albanian Mafia Leader’ in Ecuador Accused of Laundering Cocaine Cash Via UAE Firms News Jun 4, 2025 Bitcoin Scandal Triggers Czech Government Crisis News Jun 3, 2025 EU Urged to Toughen Anti-Corruption Directive News Jun 3, 2025 Mongolia’s PM Falls to Protests, Corruption Scandal News Jun 3, 2025 See all our news News May 28, 2025 Kloop Journalists Arrested as Kyrgyzstan Tightens Grip on Press Kyrgyz authorities have detained four current and former members of the investigative outlet Kloop, in a continued crackdown... Scoop May 26, 2025 South African Firms Suspect UAE Companies May Have Obtained Military Intellectual Property An anti-corruption agency is investigating two separate claims that South African defense firm employees who went to work in... Dear Compatriots Investigation May 21, 2025 Russian State-Backed Foundation Paid Allies in the EU Despite Sanctions Pravfond, a Russian legal-aid foundation for “compatriots” abroad, has continued to fund people and organizations across the... Dear Compatriots Investigation May 21, 2025 Russian Foundation, Aimed at Helping ‘Compatriots’ Abroad, Supports Spies, Criminals, and Propagandists For over a decade, ‘Pravfond’ has been providing legal aid to Russians across the world. Internal emails obtained by... Investigation May 15, 2025 Using Stolen Identities, Balkan Gangsters Armed Themselves With Bosnian Passports Dozens of notorious Balkan crime figures have obtained Bosnian passports using stolen identities and insider access. The... Investigation May 10, 2025 After Sierra Leone's President Took Office, His Wife and Her Family Went Real Estate Shopping Since Julius Maada Bio became Sierra Leone’s president in April 2018, his wife Fatima Bio and her close relatives have... Scoop May 8, 2025 Syrian Football Association Was Pressured to Hand Deal to Relative of Former President’s Brother, Insiders Say In 2019, Syria's football association handed a favorable marketing deal to a little-known Damascus firm. Behind the scenes,... Investigation May 6, 2025 Pricey Private School Tuition for Serbian Official’s Children Was Paid Through Offshore Companies Siniša Mali, the former mayor of Belgrade and Serbia’s current finance minister, sent his children to an elite school where... See all our investigations News EXCLUSIVE: Alleged ‘Albanian Mafia Leader’ in Ecuador Accused of Laundering Cocaine Cash Via UAE Firms News Jun 4, 2025 Bitcoin Scandal Triggers Czech Government Crisis News Jun 3, 2025 EU Urged to Toughen Anti-Corruption Directive News Jun 3, 2025 Mongolia’s PM Falls to Protests, Corruption Scandal News Jun 3, 2025 See all our news Features Feature Apr 10, 2025 We Investigate Corruption. Swiss Law Calls That a Crime. Under Switzerland’s draconian banking secrecy law, even revealing that someone holds an account at a Swiss bank can lead to... Feature Mar 14, 2025 Documents Unearthed After Assad’s Fall Show Syrian Spy Agency Reacting to Israel’s Pager Attack on Hezbollah As pagers and walkie-talkies exploded in Lebanon, Syrian security forces were directed to keep communication devices away... Scam Empire Feature Mar 5, 2025 Celebrities Voice Anger And Frustration Over Online Scam Ads That Target Fans Many victims who lost money to scammers say the gateway into the nightmare was a fake advertisement or article in which a... See all our features Project Scam Empire Explore this project Impact following our reporting: Exposed Tbilisi Call Center Scammers Delete Social Media Accounts News Mar 5, 2025 Georgia Launches Criminal Probe Into Scam Call Center Exposed by Journalists News Mar 7, 2025 From Rumors to Ugly Reality: Georgians Stunned by Scam Call Center’s Cruelty News Mar 14, 2025 Georgia Freezes Assets of Top Scammers in Massive Call Center Fraud News Mar 13, 2025 Scam Empire Mar 20, 2025 Huge Ecosystem of Unregulated Payment Providers Helps Scammers Collect Victims’ Money Leaked documents reveal how scam call centers drew on a secret industry of service providers that used shell companies,... Scam Empire Mar 7, 2025 Scam Operations Relied on Third-Party Marketing Companies for Steady Stream of Potential Victims Two professional scam call-center operations depended on affiliate marketing firms to supply them with contact details of... Scam Empire Mar 5, 2025 Diamonds, Dior and Dubai Vacations: The Luxurious Lives of Georgia's Call-Center Scammers They called themselves “skameri.” In behind-the-scenes chats, they celebrated bilking victims out of their life savings and... 2 From Rumors to Ugly Reality: Georgians Stunned by Scam Call Center’s Cruelty News Mar 14, 2025 Get accurate, quality reporting on crime and corruption. Right in your inbox. Every week. OCCRP's newsletter will keep you up to date on the latest news and on all of our investigations. We will never sell your data, and you can unsubscribe at any time. Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy Project The Crime Messenger: How Sky ECC Phones Became a Tool of the Criminal Trade What do criminals say to each other when they think nobody can hear? The fall of Sky Global — an encrypted communications company that once promised limitless privacy — may give us our best-ever chance to find out. Explore this project The Crime Messenger: How Sky ECC Phones Became a Tool of the Criminal Trade Oct 22, 2024 Balkan Criminals Planned Murders Using Encrypted Phones from Canadian Start-Up Sky Global Sky phones were a favorite tool for criminals to discuss logistics. Now, it turns out that some of Sky’s most prolific... The Crime Messenger: How Sky ECC Phones Became a Tool of the Criminal Trade Oct 22, 2024 How a Canadian Company's Encrypted Phones Ended Up in the Hands of Criminals Worldwide It didn’t take long for business to boom after Jean-Francois Eap launched a Vancouver-based start-up selling ultra-secure... Have information that could expose wrong-doing? Want to blow the whistle on corruption? We need you - and we're committed to keeping you safe. Blow the whistle Region Russian Federation Explore this region Created by potrace 1.10, written by Peter Selinger 2001-2011 Mar 14, 2025 Banned Russian Channel RT Secretly Pays Video Bloggers Who Promote Kremlin Narratives The bloggers rack up millions of views, promote Russia as a haven for conservatives, glorify the war in Ukraine — and never... Feb 4, 2025 European Ships Keep Russia’s Shadow Fleet Afloat To sustain its oil exports, Russia has been drawing on a network of old tankers it sources from private sellers around the... Sep 26, 2024 ‘Make a Molotov Cocktail’: How Europeans Are Recruited Through Telegram to Commit Sabotage, Arson, and Murder The cases are multiplying across Europe: Young men with pro-Russian views instructed on Telegram to carry out sabotage... Russian Asset Tracker Sep 5, 2024 Secretive Cyprus-Registered Funds Were Used to Hide Megayachts and Luxury Real Estate Linked to Sanctioned Russian Banker In Cyprus, a new type of investment fund was marketed to clients as a way to avoid disclosing their ownership of assets. In... Aug 8, 2024 A Murky Cypriot Firm Is Helping Belarus Export Potash — In Breach of EU Sanctions Belarus' state potash trade is sanctioned by the EU. So why is a company registered in Cyprus being paid millions by the... Jul 31, 2024 Meet Dmitry Mironov, the Enigmatic Putin Aide Managing the Kremlin’s HR Department As Vladimir Putin tightens his circle of trust, a former secret service officer has emerged as one of his closest aides. prev next Russian Federation News Chechen President’s Cousin Owns Mystery Jet, Russian Authorities Mistakenly Reveal News May 26, 2025 The EU Moves to Impose New Tariffs on Russian, Belarusian Agri Imports News May 22, 2025 Russia Labels Amnesty International “Undesirable” News May 19, 2025 Roman Abramovich Company Closed Without Paying €14M Tax Bill in Cyprus News May 15, 2025 See all news about Russian Federation Our Projects See all our projects Dear Compatriots Scam Empire The Steward Files Know Your Host: Why It Matters That Azerbaijan Is Hosting the COP29 Climate Summit OCCRP Provides Resources and Help for Journalists and Other Researchers OCCRP ID Are you a journalist or partner of OCCRP researching a subject around organized crime or corruption? OCCRP's ID Research Desk can help you on your project! Find out more OCCRP Aleph Search datasets, documents and uncover wrong-doing. Discover how to use OCCRP Aleph. Find out more Your cookie preferences We use cookies to improve your experience by storing data about your preferences, your device or your browsing session. We also use cookies to collect anonymized data about your behaviour on our websites, and to understand how we can best improve our services. To find our more details, view our Cookie Policy. Audience Measurement Cookies Essential Cookies Accept my choices Accept all Close and accept Help us improve the website! Click below to provide feedback. It’ll only take 1 minute. 👉 Survey Don't show this anymore Get quality reporting directly into your inbox, every week Subscribe to our newsletter: Submit Submit By submitting your email address you agree to OCCRP’s Privacy Policy OCCRP Contact Us Work with Us Annual Reports Awards Supporters Board of Directors Tools OCCRP Aleph OCCRP ID Our Work Investigations Scoops News Features Projects Person of the Year in Organized Crime and Corruption © OCCRP Privacy Policy Responsible Disclosure Contact Us