NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts : NPR Accessibility links Skip to main content Keyboard shortcuts for audio player Open Navigation Menu Newsletters NPR Shop Close Navigation Menu Home News Expand/collapse submenu for News National World Politics Business Health Science Climate Race Culture Expand/collapse submenu for Culture Books Movies Television Pop Culture Food Art & Design Performing Arts Life Kit Gaming Music Expand/collapse submenu for Music All Songs Considered Tiny Desk New Music Friday Music Features Live Sessions Podcasts & Shows Expand/collapse submenu for Podcasts & Shows Daily Morning Edition Weekend Edition Saturday Weekend Edition Sunday All Things Considered Fresh Air Up First Featured Embedded The NPR Politics Podcast Throughline Trump's Terms More Podcasts & Shows Search Newsletters NPR Shop All Songs Considered Tiny Desk New Music Friday Music Features Live Sessions About NPR Diversity Support Careers Press Ethics NPR - Breaking News, Analysis, Music, Arts & Podcasts Top stories in the U.S. and world news, politics, health, science, business, music, arts and culture. Nonprofit journalism with a mission. This is NPR. A protester with a sign saying "HONK IF YOU WANT YOUR DATA BACK!!!" stands with other demonstrators outside of the U.S. Office of Personnel Management's headquarters in February in Washington, D.C., to rally against the DOGE team set up by President Trump's billionaire adviser Elon Musk getting access to personal data about federal employees. Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images Deep Dive Politics How DOGE's data push could make jobs numbers, the census and other U.S. stats less reliable DOGE's murky push to amass data at federal agencies could hurt the U.S. government's ability to produce reliable census results, economic indicators and other statistics in the future, experts warn. President Trump announced plans to double the tariff on imported steel while visiting a US Steel plant in West Mifflin, Pennsylvania. Rebecca Droke/Bloomberg via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Rebecca Droke/Bloomberg via Getty Images Economy With steel tariffs doubling today, a North Carolina manufacturer wonders how to compete Elon Musk and President Trump speak with reporters in the Oval Office of the White House on May 30. Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Kevin Dietsch/Getty Images Politics In a break with Trump, Elon Musk calls the GOP megabill a 'disgusting abomination' A woman poses for a photo on a sign spelling out the name of Nice, France, last summer. The city's name derives from Nike, the Greek goddess who heralds victory — not the word "nice," which was borrowed into Old French from Latin long after the city was founded. Julio Cortez/AP Photo hide caption toggle caption Julio Cortez/AP Photo Word of the week Word of the Week: This four-letter word doesn't mean what it used to. That's nice Life Kit COMIC: Don't panic! 6 strategies to keep you calm in a crisis Sponsor Message People participate in a rally to call on Congress to protect funding for US public broadcasters, PBS and NPR, outside the NPR headquarters in Washington, DC, on March 26, 2025. Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Saul Loeb/AFP/Getty Images Media Trump asks Congress to wipe out funding for public broadcasting Prometheus Review Book Reviews Making the case for housing as a human right Kellie Gerardi walks the runway for Rise's Survivor Fashion Show on Sept. 10, 2021 in New York City. Roy Rochlin/Getty Images for NYFW: The Shows hide caption toggle caption Roy Rochlin/Getty Images for NYFW: The Shows Culture Operation Rainbow Space Baby: An astronaut's journey with IVF A study of mice and people looks at how the brain takes an experience and responds with an emotion. Andriy Onufriyenko/Moment RF/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Andriy Onufriyenko/Moment RF/Getty Images Shots - Health News To get from experience to emotion, the brain hits 'sustain' Latest Stories 28 minutes ago Greetings from Mexico City, where these dogs ride a bus to and from school 28 minutes ago Operation Rainbow Space Baby: An astronaut's journey with IVF 1 hour ago Making the case for housing as a human right 3 hours ago Story has audio Steel tariffs double. And, Congress asked to eliminate public broadcasting funds 4 hours ago Story has audio To get from experience to emotion, the brain hits 'sustain' Navigate backwards Navigate forwards Watch Navigate previousNavigate next Credit: Photo: NPR Watch NPR's news roundup: Metal tariffs double, ICE arrests the Boulder suspect's family Fees on imported steel and aluminum hit 50% today. Homeland Security Secretary Kristi Noem says the relatives are being detained and interrogated about how much they knew about the antisemitic attack. British Prime Minister Keir Starmer (center) and Britain's Defence Secretary John Healey (right) meet with BAE system apprentices as they look at a submarine model during a joint visit on March 20 in Barrow-in-Furness, United Kingdom. Starmer says the U.K. must upgrade its military in response to threats from Russia. WPA Pool/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption WPA Pool/Getty Images World Why the U.K. prime minister is calling for a bigger military to face Russia Key NATO members are upping their defense posture in response to threats from Russia. Experts say the Trump administration's confrontational approach to the alliance is a factor as well. Then-Culpeper County Sheriff Scott Jenkins speaks at the sheriff's office in Culpeper, Va., a Second Amendment sancuary some 75 miles from Washington, D.C., in January 2020. Eva Hambach/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Eva Hambach/AFP via Getty Images National Trump voters call the president's pardon of a corrupt Virginia sheriff 'a terrific mistake' Many in Virginia's Culpeper County are unhappy with the president's pardon of a sheriff convicted of bribery. Trump called him a victim "persecuted by the Radical Left 'monsters' and 'left for dead.'" VIRGINIA PARDON FALLOUT Listen · 5:02 5:02 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5420699/nx-s1-5481184-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Culture WorldPride is in D.C. this year — which may be why attendance and sponsorship are down The ripple effects of the Trump administration's anti-trans and DEI policies and rhetoric can be felt throughout this year's WorldPride festival. WorldPride is in D.C. this year — which may be why attendance and sponsorship are down Listen · 3:41 3:41 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5407497/nx-s1-5482636-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> WATCH Wednesday: Tiny Desk Concert Olivia Rodrigo: Tiny Desk Concert E-40: Tiny Desk Concert Demi Lovato: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert Ruby Ibarra: Tiny Desk Concert 2 Chainz: Tiny Desk (Home) Concert The Cast of Buena Vista Social Club: Tiny Desk Concert ARTEMIS: Tiny Desk Concert Death Becomes Her: Tiny Desk Concert Carín León: Tiny Desk Concert Beth Gibbons: Tiny Desk Concert Katie Gavin: Tiny Desk Concert Jeff Parker ETA IVtet: Tiny Desk Concert SUNSET BLVD.: Tiny Desk Concert PJ Sin Suela: Tiny Desk Concert Madison McFerrin: Tiny Desk Concert Grupo Frontera: Tiny Desk Concert Gypsy: Tiny Desk Concert Sharon Isbin & Amjad Ali Khan's Strings for Peace: Tiny Desk Concert Panda Bear: Tiny Desk Concert Illuminati Hotties: Tiny Desk Concert Yu Sakai feat. TBN Trio: Tiny Desk Concert Nubya Garcia: Tiny Desk Concert Bad Bunny: Tiny Desk Concert REBOLU: Tiny Desk Concert Zar Electrik: Tiny Desk x globalFEST Chocolate Droppa: Tiny Desk Concert Elida Almeida: Tiny Desk x globalFEST Sandbox Percussion: Tiny Desk Concert Julia Bullock & Christian Reif: Tiny Desk Concert Cass McCombs: Tiny Desk Concert Jean-Yves Thibaudet: Tiny Desk Concert Cordae: Tiny Desk Concert Third Eye Blind: Tiny Desk Concert .idk. & Sector 202: Tiny Desk Concert Megan Moroney: Tiny Desk Concert Saya Gray: Tiny Desk Concert Abel Selaocoe: Tiny Desk Concert Marvin Sapp: Tiny Desk Concert Igmar Thomas' Revive Big Band: Tiny Desk Concert Leon Thomas: Tiny Desk Concert Bartees Strange: Tiny Desk Concert girl in red: Tiny Desk Concert Yasmin Williams: Tiny Desk Concert Roberto Fonseca: Tiny Desk Concert Braxton Cook: Tiny Desk Concert Faye Webster: Tiny Desk Concert MJ Lenderman: Tiny Desk Concert Wednesday: Tiny Desk Concert Wednesday just announced a North American tour, which starts late September. Watch the band tone down its noisy, country-influenced sound in a quieter setting. The new official portrait of Donald Trump shows the president staring into the camera with an expressionless face. White House hide caption toggle caption White House Politics The White House unveils the new official portrait of President Trump Trump appears expressionless in the new presidential portrait, depicted against a dark, blank background. Sponsor Message A Krome Detention Center officer patrols as people hold a vigil to recognize those who have died in U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement custody as well as those affected by mass deportations on May 24 outside Krome Detention Center in Miami. Rebecca Blackwell/AP hide caption toggle caption Rebecca Blackwell/AP Immigration Private prisons and local jails are ramping up as ICE detention exceeds capacity The number of people in ICE detention has grown, and detention facilities are over capacity. So the government is intensifying its hunt for more space, and local police are playing a bigger role. Private prisons and local jails are ramping up as ICE detention exceeds capacity Listen · 3:46 3:46 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5417980/nx-s1-5482805-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Jackie Lay/NPR Far-flung postcards Greetings from Mexico City, where these dogs ride a bus to and from school Far-Flung Postcards is a weekly series in which NPR's international correspondents share snapshots of moments from their lives and work around the world. A banner showing an image of US President Donald Trump hangs on the side of a US Department of Agriculture building in Washington, DC, on May 16, 2025. USDA has put on hold a demand that states turn over sensitive data about food assistance recipients. Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Mandel Ngan/AFP via Getty Images Politics The USDA says the demand for sensitive food stamp data from state agencies is on hold The federal government told states to turn over names, birthdates, Social Security numbers and other sensitive data about food assistance recipients. Amid a legal challenge, the agency says the request is on hold. In this image provided by the U.S. Navy, the John Lewis-class replenishment oiler USNS Harvey Milk (T-AO-206) conducts a replenishment at sea in the Atlantic Ocean, Dec. 13, 2024. Maxwell Orlosky/U.S. Navy/AP hide caption toggle caption Maxwell Orlosky/U.S. Navy/AP Politics Hegseth orders the name of gay rights activist Harvey Milk scrubbed from a Navy ship The action is the latest move by the Trump administration to purge all programs, policies, books and social media mentions of references to diversity, equity and inclusion. A diptych showing a "Hapa Project" participant's answers to the question, "What are you?" On the left, the participant is shown in 2001, and then again in 2025 on the right. Kip Fulbeck hide caption toggle caption Kip Fulbeck Culture 'The Hapa Project' asked 'What are you?' Participants have new answers 25 years later What does it mean to be "half"? Twenty-five years since its initial launch, photographer Kip Fulbeck revisits his exhibition called "The Hapa Project," an intimate look at mixed-race America. Photographer Kip Fulbeck revisits 'The Hapa Project' 25 years after its launch Listen · 6:55 6:55 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5391503/nx-s1-5454213-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript An aerial view of severe flooding in Frankfort, Kentucky, caused by days of heavy rainfall on April 7, 2025. Violent storms battering the central-eastern United States killed at least 17 people. The storms came as the National Weather Service was grappling with 600 job cuts by the Trump administration. Now, the NWS has been given authorization to rehire more than 100 forecasters, radar technicians and others. Leandro Lozada/AFP via Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Leandro Lozada/AFP via Getty Images Weather Stabilizing 'operations,' the National Weather Service hires again after Trump's cuts The National Weather Service says it plans to hire more than 100 additional staff members. The move follows complaints and concerns after the Trump administration eliminated more than 500 positions. Stabilizing 'operations,' the National Weather Service hires again after Trump cuts Listen · 2:02 2:02 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5422198/nx-s1-5482666-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript COVID vaccine access will be more limited for some groups, after federal health officials changed recommendations. Spencer Platt/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Public Health COVID vaccine changes confuse and upset some parents and families Federal health officials have changed the game for COVID vaccine access. Pregnant moms and others who rely on them to protect a high-risk family member are scared. Actor Joe Keery "studies" Pavement singer Stephen Malkmus in Alex Ross Perry's film Pavements. Utopia hide caption toggle caption Utopia Review Music Features Darlings on the split screen: 'Pavements' explodes the music movie Movies about musicians love to hit the same melodramatic beats about fame and genius. Important but not quite famous, the '90s indie band Pavement is the exception that unbalances the formula. In an aerial view, electric cars sit parked at a charging station in Corte Madera, Calif., on May 15. Federal tax credits that have encouraged the purchase of electric vehicles could be phased out, depending on what happens with negotiations over the Republican tax and spending package currently before the Senate. Justin Sullivan/Getty Images North America hide caption toggle caption Justin Sullivan/Getty Images North America Business The fate of the EV tax credits depends on the GOP's megabill The House version of the tax bill would revoke credits for EVs starting at the end of this year. If the plan survives, it would dramatically shape automaker investments and EV sales. The fate of the EV tax credits depends on the GOP’s megabill Listen · 3:52 3:52 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5414604/nx-s1-5481319-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Trump is pushing Senate GOP to get his megabill across the finish line Trump's budget calls for a 15% funding cut to the Education Department Vehicles move slowly through heavy traffic on Interstate 35W under an air quality alert sign in Minneapolis on Tuesday. Rain and smoke from Canadian wildfires reduced visibility and prompted warnings for residents to limit outdoor activity and travel. Kerem Yücel/MPR News hide caption toggle caption Kerem Yücel/MPR News Thick smoke, haze blanket much of Minnesota as air quality alert remains in effect MPR News Much of Minnesota was blanketed in thick haze Tuesday, as smoke from Canadian wildfires spread. An air quality alert continues for the state, extending to parts of Wisconsin, through noon Wednesday. Rachel Accurso, aka Ms. Rachel, poses with Muppet characters at the Sesame Workshop benefit gala May 29 at Cipriani 42nd Street in New York. Evan Agostini/Invision/AP hide caption toggle caption Evan Agostini/Invision/AP Ms. Rachel says she'll keep advocating for children in Gaza, even if it means risking her career WBUR Children's performer Rachel Accurso made headlines in recent weeks for speaking out about children living inside Gaza. Her comments have sparked backlash from people who say she has not spent as much time talking about Israeli children. ATLANTA, GEORGIA - JUNE 03: Sean "Diddy" Combs attends Black Tie Affair For Quality Control's CEO Pierre "Pee" Thomas at Fox Theater on June 02, 2021 in Atlanta, Georgia. Paras Griffin/Getty Images/Getty Images North America hide caption toggle caption Paras Griffin/Getty Images/Getty Images North America Sean Combs trial What the cross-examination of one witness reveals about the Sean Combs trial The prosecution pushed back on the defense's aggressive questioning of a former Combs employee, saying harassment of the witness might intimidate others taking the stand. NPR The Book Ahead New books this week cover problematic parents, the ultrarich, and a year without sex Publishing this week: new fiction from Susan Choi, essays from Evan Osnos and memoir from Molly Jong-Fast. Plus, Melissa Febos reflects on her year of abstinence. From left, Carrie Spyva-McIlvaine, Gabriel Velasco and Lisa Turnquist arrive to place bouquets of flowers at a memorial after Sunday's attack in Boulder, Colorado. David Zalubowski/AP hide caption toggle caption David Zalubowski/AP National Run For Their Lives, the group attacked in Colorado, is figuring out how to move forward Sunday's attack in Boulder targeted a group called Run for Their Lives, which raises awareness about the hostages held by Hamas in Gaza. Now, they're figuring out how to continue their mission. Group targeted in Colorado attack figuring out how to continue its mission Listen · 2:33 2:33 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5420906/nx-s1-5481416-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Crime scene tape blocks off the intersection on Pearl Street as law enforcement officials investigate after an attack on the pedestrian mall on Sunday in Boulder, Colo. David Zalubowski/AP hide caption toggle caption David Zalubowski/AP Family of Boulder attack suspect are being taken into ICE custody CPR News The family of Mohamed Sabry Soliman is being detained by Immigration and Customs Enforcement today following his arrest in connection with Sunday's firebomb attack that injured 12 people in Boulder, Colo. Former film producer Harvey Weinstein appears in criminal court in Manhattan on May 30, 2025. Yuki Iwamura/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Yuki Iwamura/Getty Images Law Harvey Weinstein's new trial is almost over. It could be a litmus test for #MeToo Weinstein's sex crimes conviction in New York was overturned last year. In a new trial, three accusers have testified that Weinstein assaulted them. Closing arguments are underway. Marc Maron announced on his show Monday that the podcast will air its final episode this fall. After more than 1,600 episodes, he says he and his producer were "burnt out." Maron is pictured above in Los Angeles on May 29, 2025. Amy Sussman/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Amy Sussman/Getty Images Culture Marc Maron ends his iconic podcast after 16 years: 'We're burnt out' Marc Maron has interviewed Robin Williams, Nicole Kidman, former President Barack Obama and many more. But after 16 years and 1,600+ episodes, he's ready to call it quits. Marc Maron ends iconic podcast after 16 years Listen · 2:23 2:23 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5420807/nx-s1-5482816-1" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript Mark Hamill attends the premiere of Star Wars: The Rise Of Skywalker in Hollywood on Dec. 16, 2019. Rich Fury/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Rich Fury/Getty Images Movie Interviews Mark Hamill used to downplay his 'Star Wars' past. Now he's embracing it Hamill played Luke Skywalker, one of the most iconic heroes in movie history. His latest film, The Life of Chuck, is an adaptation of a Stephen King novella. Mark Hamill used to downplay his 'Star Wars' past. Now he's embracing it Listen · 38:06 38:06 Transcript Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5417933/g-s1-70320" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Transcript girafchik123/Getty Images Life Kit A surprising trick to making hard choices: Try thinking less The tactic may seem counterintuitive, but it can help you make tough decisions faster and with more confidence, says decision coach Nell Wulfhart. How to make decisions you won't regret Listen · 22:22 22:22 Toggle more options Download Embed Embed <iframe src="https://www.npr.org/player/embed/nx-s1-5406260/g-s1-70099" width="100%" height="290" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" title="NPR embedded audio player"> Bloomberg/Getty Images Newsletter Can bringing back manufacturing help the heartland catch up with 'superstar' cities? In recent decades, America has seen economic opportunities concentrated in superstar cities. Manufacturing boosters hope reshoring factories could help change that. We look at the theory and evidence. Pride Month Enlarge this image "Pronouns are basically how we identify ourselves apart from our name. It's how someone refers to you in conversation," says Mary Emily O'Hara, a communications officer at GLAAD. "And when you're speaking to people, it's a really simple way to affirm their identity." Kaz Fantone for NPR hide caption toggle caption Kaz Fantone for NPR "Pronouns are basically how we identify ourselves apart from our name. It's how someone refers to you in conversation," says Mary Emily O'Hara, a communications officer at GLAAD. "And when you're speaking to people, it's a really simple way to affirm their identity." Kaz Fantone for NPR Pride Month A guide to gender identity terms How do I make sure I use the right pronouns for someone? And what if I mess up? Language can change quickly. Here's a guide to talking gender in its beautiful complexity. A gay rights march in New York in favor of the 1968 Civil Rights Act being amended to include gay rights. Peter Keegan/Getty Images hide caption toggle caption Peter Keegan/Getty Images Throughline Podcast: The fight for gay rights before Stonewall Enlarge this image Drag Queen Cloud performs at Wigstock in New York in 1994. Paul Hurschmann/Associated Press hide caption toggle caption Paul Hurschmann/Associated Press Drag Queen Cloud performs at Wigstock in New York in 1994. Paul Hurschmann/Associated Press 50 Years After Stonewall How drag queens have sashayed their way through history Wednesday Holmes/@hellomynameiswednesday for NPR Life Kit How to navigate coming out on either side of the conversation Jasmine.4.t Matt Grubb/Courtesy of the artist hide caption toggle caption Matt Grubb/Courtesy of the artist World Cafe As soon as Jasmine.4.t came out, the music started pouring out of her XPN The British singer-songwriter's debut album, You Are The Morning, explores the joys and hardships of being a trans woman. Jasmine.4.t on World Cafe 46:13 more from news culture music Read & Listen Home News Culture Music Podcasts & Shows Connect Newsletters Facebook Instagram Press Public Editor Corrections Contact & Help About NPR Overview Diversity NPR Network Accessibility Ethics Finances Get Involved Support Public Radio Sponsor NPR NPR Careers NPR Shop NPR Events NPR Extra Terms of Use Privacy Your Privacy Choices Text Only Sponsor Message Sponsor Message Become an NPR sponsor