Home | SPIC MACAY Skip to main content ...in its 47th year Home The Movement About Us Four Pillars Philosophy of the Movement Volunteer Experiences Our Work Our Modules Our Activities Events News Calendar Our Centres Indian Centres International Centers Volunteer With Us Supporters Donate Home The Movement About Us Four Pillars Philosophy of the Movement Volunteer Experiences Our Work Our Modules Our Activities Events News Calendar Our Centres Indian Centres International Centers Volunteer With Us Supporters Donate Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music And Culture Amongst Youth Have every child experience the inspiration and mysticism embodied in Indian and World heritage Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music And Culture Amongst Youth Have every child experience the inspiration and mysticism embodied in Indian and World heritage Home The Movement About Us Four Pillars Philosophy of the Movement Volunteer Experiences Our Work Our Modules Our Activities Events News Calendar Our Centres Indian Centres International Centers Volunteer With Us Supporters Donate Home The Movement About Us Four Pillars Philosophy of the Movement Volunteer Experiences Our Work Our Modules Our Activities Events News Calendar Our Centres Indian Centres International Centers Volunteer With Us Supporters Donate Society for the Promotion of Indian Classical Music And Culture Amongst Youth Have every child experience the inspiration and mysticism embodied in Indian and World heritage ...in its 47th year Volunteer With Us SPIC MACAY is a 47 year old Voluntary movement Join the Movement Our Modules SPIC MACAY core focus is value education Donate Now Featured News All news arrow_forward SPIC MACAY 10th International Convention SPIC MACAY is having its 10th International Convention at IIT Hyderabad from 26th May to 1st June 2025, an Ashram-like atmosphere and experiencing the greatest masteros of the country. Join us for the 10th International Convention of SPIC MACAY in IITH. We will release the registration link details shortly. Watch this space out for more details. View the Schedule Join us for Music in the Park on 15th Feb at Nehru Park | Delhi Join us for Music in the Park, SPIC MACAY's 21-year-old iconic initiative, at Nehru Park, Delhi on 29th March featuring Indian Classical music maestros. When: 29th March | Time: 8:00 PM onwards Where: Nehru Park, Chanakyapuri, New Delhi Entry is open to all, based on first cum first serve basis. #IndianClassicalMusic #MusicInThePark #SPICMACAY Join us and register Gurukul Anubhav Scholarship Scheme SPIC MACAY Resumes Gurukul Anubhav Scholarship Scheme Apply Now Kiran Seth Newton’s third law of motion states that for every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. Conversely, there is the law of “nishkama karma” it says that for every action in which there is no embedded expectation, there is a reaction that is far greater than the action. This comes from a source other than that which is being acted upon. Newton’s third law can be experimentally proved while the law of “nishkama karma” can be proven experientially. Check out things through experience. It is a very powerful mechanism for validating the truth. Read More SPIC MACAY Heritage Clubs Start at your institution arrow_forward Presence in Higher Education Institutions SPIC MACAY has a presence in all major Centrally Fund Institutions, and major private Universities and is growing its presence across other state and private universities and colleges with collaborations of UGC, AICTE, AIIMS, Assam State Universities etc. Presence in Schools SPIC MACAY has been doing programs in private, rural, remote schools all over the country with its presence in more than 250 districts. It also has collaborations with CBSE, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Navodaya Vidyalaya, etc. Presence in 20+ Countries Abroad SPIC MACAY has chapters in the USA, Canada, 10+ Countries in Europe, Australia and many more. It has a wide network of volunteers across these countries and has been instrumental in taking our Indian culture beyond the boundaries of the Nation. SPIC MACAY stands on the shoulders of its four main pillars i.e. Artists, Volunteers, Institutions and Supporters, together working towards the collective effort of reaching every child and enriching the quality of education by increasing awareness about different aspects of Indian heritage and inspiring the young mind to imbibe the values embedded in it. About Us Know More arrow_forward What does SPICMACAY do? Inspire the young Ignite a spark of inquiry Promote voluntary work Inculcate a spirit of service to the nation Provide leadership opportunities to the young & a constructive alternative for utilizing time We also… promote classical music. Volunteer with us Footer First Folk & Crafts Classical Arts Aarambh Play School Yoga and Meditation Support the Artists Initative Footer Second Cinema Classics Heirtage Club Heritage Walks Weekly Meetings Footer Third National Executive State Coordinators SPIC MACAY Verticals Complaints and Grievances Terms and Conditions Contact Us info@spicmacay.com +91-9760689747, +91-8108098246 41/42 Lucknow Road, Near Vishwavidyalaya Metro Station New Delhi – 110054 Follow Us Have every child experience the inspiration and mysticism embodied in Indian and World heritage Privacy Policy Log in