INDIAN CULTURE | INDIAN CULTURE <div id="seckit-noscript-tag"> Sorry, you need to enable JavaScript to visit this website. Skip to main content Government of India Skip to main content -A A +A A A Select your language Englishहिंदी User account menu Log in INDIAN CULTURE Discover, Learn, immerse, Connect ADVANCED SEARCH Join Us Kartavya Path Maha Kumbh Map NEW Join Us Kartavya Path Maha Kumbh Map NEW Catagories Musical Instruments of India Archives Museum Collections Photo Archives Audios Forts of India Virtual Walkthrough Nvli Repository E-Books Food & Culture Intangible Cultural Heritage Stories Textiles and Fabrics of India UNESCO Union Catalogues menubar 3 Historic Cities Of India Images Indian National Bibliography Manuscripts Reports & Proceedings Snippets Videos menubar 4 Freedom Archive Gazettes and Gazetteers Other Collections Paintings Photo Essay Rarebooks Research Papers Pattachitra, a traditional painting of Odisha Vijaya Vittala Temple, Hampi Basilica of Bom Jesus, Goa Bhangra, a folk dance of Punjab Ganga aarti at Varanasi Kutch embroidery (Gujarat) Sculpture of Shakyamuni Buddha Kantha embroidery, Bengal Damaru, a small two-headed drum Rudra Veena, a classical string instrument View of the Secretariat buildings during constructions, New Delhi Kathakali, a dance form of Kerala Holi, the festival of colours Musicians playing the been, a wind instrument Rangoli made using flowers PreviousNext Categories Retrieved Artefacts of India Festivals of India Flagship Events Timeless Trends Digital District Repository North-East Archive Ajanta Caves Textiles and Fabrics of India Forts of India Historic Cities of India Audios Snippets Intangible Cultural Heritage Paintings UNESCO Musical Instruments of India Research Papers Photo Essays Food & Culture Rare Books E-Books Manuscripts Museum Collections Archives Photo Archives Gazettes and Gazetteers Union Catalogue Indian National Bibliography Videos Images Reports & Proceedings Other Collections Stories PreviousNext New Additions Jewellery of the Nizams Ajanta Caves The North-East Archive Forts of India Virtual Walkthrough Historic Cities Of India Freedom Archive Did You Know? 04 JUNE S P BALASUBRAHMANYAM (1946 to 2020) One of India’s greatest playback singers, S P Balasubrahmanyam, was born on 04 June 1946 in Nellore, Andhra Pradesh. He debuted as a singer in 1966 and holds the record for rendering the greatest number of songs in a single day by any singer! Apart from singing, he has also produced and acted in films. As a singer, he sang over 40,000 songs in various Indian languages and earned himself a place in the Guinness Book of World Records. The recipient of six National Awards, the Padma Shri, and the Padma Bhushan, SPB, as he was popularly called, has left an indelible mark in the world of music. He passed away on 25 September 2020. Stories Lord Padmanabha and His Dasas This story recounts the history of the Padmanabhaswamy Temple and the Royal Family of Travancore associated with it. The Jagannath Temple - Puri The Jagannath Temple in Puri is one of the ‘Char Dhams’ in Hindu tradition. It is home to Lord Jagannath, Goddess Subhadra and Lord Balbhadra. Delhi Durbars The Delhi Durbars were grand events organised by the Viceroys of India to mark the coronation of Emperors or Empresses of Britain. Hence, these were also known as the Coronation Durbars. Simla: The Summer Capital Far from home, the British recreated a ‘little England’ tucked away in the Himalayan foothills. Simla was pulled from obscurity and made the summer Capital of one of England’s largest colonies, India. Sanchi Monument: A Rediscovery This story narrates the history of the Sanchi monuments from the time of its discovery by British colonial officials at the beginning of the 19th century. Gandhi's Satyagraha in Champaran This story revolves around the oppressive tinkathia system of Indigo cultivation in Champaran and Gandhiji’s Satyagraha to help the peasants. PreviousNext All Stories External Links (Ministry of Culture) Recruitment by the GLAM Division (Ministry of Culture) National Mission on Monuments and Antiquities National Cultural Audiovisual Archives National Digital Library of India (NDLI) Gandhi Ashram at Sabarmati Sangam App Link to Download Gandhi Heritage Portal National Mission for Manuscripts Vedic Heritage Abhilekh Patal Museums of India Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose Papers PreviousNext Ministry Of Culture Organisations Allahabad Museum Anthropological Survey of India Archaeological Survey of India Central Institute of Buddhist Studies Central Institute of Higher Tibetan Studies Central Institute of Himalayan Culture Studies PreviousNext All organisations Partners IIT Bombay Indian Institute of Technology Bombay Recognizing the ongoing need to position itself for the digital future, Indian Culture is an initiative by the Ministry of Culture. A platform that hosts data of cultural relevance from various repositories and institutions all over India. Quick Links Accessibility Statement All MoC Organisations Copyright Policy Hyperlinking Policy Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Disclaimer Site Map ICP Download The Indian Culture Portal is a part of the National Virtual Library of India project, funded by the Ministry of Culture, Government of India. The portal has been created and developed by the Indian Institute of Technology, Bombay. Data has been provided by organisations of the Ministry of Culture. Email Id : indian-culture@gov.in