Historic UK - The History Magazine & Heritage Accommodation Guide Historic UK Advertise with us Blog Contact Us Historic Accommodation Accommodation Type Bed and Breakfasts Castle Hotels Country House Hotels Historic Holiday Cottages House Boats Location England Scotland Wales Channel Islands Unusual Holidays Castle Breaks Castles to Rent Cottages by the Sea Cottages with Hot Tubs Cottages with Pools Large Cottages Quirky Cottages History Magazine The History Magazine History of England History of Scotland History of Wales History of Britain Culture UK Destinations UK Kings & Queens of Britain Living History Guide Trader’s Market Events Diary Reenactors Directory Living History Photo Gallery Family History About Historic UK Contact Us Search The History Magazine and Accommodation Guide Search Historic Breaks guests 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18+ GO Castle Hotels Live the fairytale and stay in a castle. Holiday Cottages Historic self catering cottages across the UK Country House Hotels A directory of the most historic hotels in Britain History Magazine The English Renaissance William Shakespeare, Ben Jonson, Inigo Jones, Christopher Marlowe, Thomas Tallis. The Elizabethan era is seen as the height of the English Renaissance, the dominant art forms of which were literature, theatre and music… read more Did Cavalry End With World War One? The role of mounted cavalry seems to belong to another age. It brings to mind the Charge of the Light Brigade, the subject of the famous poem by Alfred Lord Tennyson; “Half a league, half a league, Half a league onward, All in the valley of Death Rode the six hundred.” However the last British cavalry charge actually took place in 1942 in Burma… read more Clifton Suspension Bridge “The Ornament of Bristol and the Wonder of the Age” – Sir Abraham Elton, 1831. Spanning the Avon Gorge in Bristol, the iconic Clifton Suspension Bridge was designed by Isambard Kingdom Brunel… read more The Windermere Children Discover the true story of how in 1945, hundreds of traumatised children, liberated from German concentration camps, were taken to a tiny town in the Lake District to rebuild their lives… read more The King of Pirates Henry Avery, also known as Henry Every, earned the name ‘King of Pirates’ for an audacious act of piracy against a convoy of twenty-five Grand Mughal ships, loaded with gold, jewels and treasure… read more Historic Accommodation Bed and Breakfasts Castle Hotels Historic Hotels Historic Holiday Cottages Large Holiday Cottages Cottages with Private Pools Historic Wedding & Event Venues History Magazine Kings and Queens British Culture Historic Destinations Events Diary Reenactors Directory Trader’s Market Historic UK About Us Advertise Contact Us Write for Historic UK Sitemap Terms & Conditions | Privacy & Cookie Policy | Blog | Copyright © Historic UK Ltd. Company Registered in England No. 5621230. Search for: Search Popular searches Castle Hotels Coastal Cottages Cottages with Pools Kings and Queens Contact Us