World Politics - The Japan Times Subscribe Digital Print June 04, 2025 Subscribe Digital Print South Korea election Rice crisis War in Ukraine Latest News Deep Dive Today's print edition Home Delivery JAPAN Politics Society Crime & Legal Science & Health Explainer History WORLD Politics Crime & Legal Science & Health Society ASIA PACIFIC Politics Crime & Legal Science & Health Society BUSINESS Companies Economy Markets Tech SPORTS Sumo Soccer Baseball Basketball Tennis Olympics More sports OPINION Editorials Commentary Environment CLIMATE CHANGE Energy SUSTAINABILITY WILDLIFE EARTH SCIENCE LIFE Travel Digital Food & Drink Style & Design Language Lifestyle CULTURE Film Books Music Art TV & Streaming Stage Entertainment news COMMUNITY Voices Issues How-tos Our Lives My Account My Bookmarks Logout Subscribe for more access WORLD Politics Politics Crime & Legal Science & Health Society WORLD / Politics Any U.S. deal with Iran must tackle nuclear watchdog's blind spots The International Atomic Energy Agency has lost track of elements of Iran's nuclear activities since U.S. President Donald Trump ditched a 2015 deal with Tehran. WORLD / Politics Israel’s Gaza push spurs Europe leaders to turn on Netanyahu The condemnation is symbolic of the shift in Europe and of Israel’s increasing isolation. WORLD / Politics Trump's 'big, beautiful bill?' Musk calls it a 'disgusting abomination.' The Tesla and SpaceX CEO says the U.S. president's sweeping tax and spending bill will increase the federal deficit. WORLD / Politics Jun 4, 2025 Dutch prime minister resigns after far-right party pulls out of coalition By Patrick Van Oosterom and Katharina Rosskopf The Freedom Party withdrew from the Dutch government over the refusal of three coalition partners to agree to its plans to curb migration. WORLD / Politics Jun 4, 2025 Israel unleashes strikes on Syria after projectile launches By Jaidaa Taha and Menna AlaaElDin It was not immediately clear who was responsible for the two projectiles. WORLD / Politics Jun 4, 2025 Ukraine officials visit U.S. and accuse Russia of stalling peace efforts By Olena Harmash and Aleksandar Vasovic Ukrainian leaders in Washington accuse Russia of stalling peace talks and dodging sanctions, while seeking stronger U.S. backing amid intensifying battlefield attacks. WORLD / Politics Jun 3, 2025 'Aces up the sleeve': Ukraine drone attacks in Russia shake up conflict By Mathieu RABECHAULT Despite being outgunned, Kyiv used inexpensive drones at the weekend to destroy Russian nuclear-capable bombers worth billions of dollars. WORLD / Politics Jun 3, 2025 Welfare demands put pressure on Starmer's commitment to defense overhaul By Alex Wickham and Ellen Milligan Labour lawmakers want to prioritize domestic issues blowing back on the left-leaning party at the ballot box, such as controversial benefit cuts. WORLD / Politics Jun 3, 2025 For Syria, Qatar's $7 billion power plan hinges on it fixing its grid By Riham Alkousaa Years of neglect have left the sprawling network of transformer stations and towers stripped as looters continue to steal cables and other components. WORLD / Politics Jun 3, 2025 Tusk calls confidence vote after nationalist wins Polish presidential election By Stanislaw WASZAK European far-right leaders welcomed the election of Karol Nawrocki, a fan of U.S. President Donald Trump who has said he will oppose the government's progressive agenda. Load more WHAT’S TRENDING Editors' Picks How Japan's youth are slowly changing the country's work ethic Japanese baseball legend Shigeo Nagashima dies at 89 Toyota Industries receives $33 billion buyout offer from group companies South Korea’s Lee pledges to heal deep wounds as ‘president for everyone’ Lee Jae-myung projected to win South Korean presidential election Hakuho’s departure highlights worrying sumo trend Japanese baseball legend Shigeo Nagashima dies at 89 ‘A garden is a grand teacher’: The Kamakura Gardener nurtures via YouTube Waves of umami: Awaji Island's culinary trove Hegseth to prioritize China and more allied spending in Asia — but questions remain Podcast Kabukicho: Tokyo’s ‘stadium of desire’ Longform How Japan's youth are slowly changing the country's work ethic By Alex K.T. Martin SUSTAINABLE JAPAN Looking ahead to Yokohama’s Green × Expo 2027 SPECIAL SUPPLEMENTS Sponsored contents planned and edited by JT Media Enterprise Division. 広告出稿に関するおといあわせはこちらまで Read more SUPPLEMENTS BINDER Bridges by SMS Global Insight GMI Post World Eye Reports Latest News Princess Kako heads to Brazil for official visit 2 hours ago Media firms launch election fact-checking initiative 4 hours ago Kobayashi Pharmaceutical vows never to repeat health scare 4 hours ago Quake-hit residents eyeing reconstruction through power of radio 4 hours ago From Nigeria to Pakistan, TB testing 'in a coma' after U.S. aid cuts 4 hours ago SUBSCRIBE In your social network Stay up to date with us on your social media platform of choice. In your inbox Get updates, insights and more via our newsletters. SIGN ME UP products & services Print subscriptions Group subscriptions Student subscription JT Digital Archives Epaper Edition RSS feeds help & support Support FAQs Link policy Republishing Contact us about us Company info Privacy policy Link policy Announcements Work with us Advertise with us Press releases our sites The Japan Times Alpha JT Bookclub The Japan Times Jobs Education In Japan Classifieds Public notices Disaster information Comfacts our activities Sustainable Japan Destination Restaurants Satoyama Consortium ESG Consortium SUBSCRIBE In your social network Stay up to date with us on your social media platform of choice. In your inbox Get updates, insights and more via our newsletters. SIGN ME UP THE JAPAN TIMES LTD. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.