National Archives | Home Top Skip to main content The U.S. National Archives Home Blogs · Bookmark/Share · Contact Us Search Search Research Our Records Explore our nation’s history through our documents, photos, and records. Veterans’ Service Records Request military records and learn about other services for yourself or a family member. Educator Resources Find primary sources, tools for teaching with documents, and student and educator programs. Visit Us Plan a trip to the Museum, to one of the Presidential Libraries, or to conduct research. America’s Founding Documents The Declaration of Independence, the Constitution, and the Bill of Rights. The President John F. Kennedy Assassination Records Collection Records Related to the Assassination of Senator Robert F. Kennedy Archives News New Exhibition Series to Highlight Iconic Artifacts and Documents Honor Flights Bring Vietnam Vets to National Archives RFK Files, UAP Records, and More More News… Upcoming Events… Archives.gov Information For… Citizen Archivists Federal Employees Genealogists Members of Congress Preservation Records Managers The Press Publications Today's Federal Register Prologue Magazine Subscribe to Email Newsletters All Publications Orgs. & Offices Center for Legislative Archives Federal Records Center Office of the Federal Register Office of the Inspector General Presidential Libraries Staff Directory About Us What is the National Archives? National Archives by the Numbers Doing Business with Us Plans and Reports Open Government Our Plain Language Activities I Want To… Get My Military Record Plan a Research Visit Visit the National Archives View Online Exhibits Apply for a Grant Research Presidential Records View Highlights from Our Holdings Participate Attend an Event Donate to the Archives Work at the Archives Volunteer at the Archives Resources A-Z Index America's Founding Docs Contact Us En Español FAQs Forms Shop Online Visit the National Archives Store Buy Reproductions and Microfilm Connect With Us Facebook X Instagram Tumblr YouTube Blogs Flickr Contact Us · Accessibility · Privacy Policy · Freedom of Information Act · No FEAR Act · USA.gov The U.S. National Archives and Records Administration 1-86-NARA-NARA or 1-866-272-6272 Top